Roberto Gonzales and the Sorcerer's Stone
CHAPTER ONE
THE BOY WHO LIVED
Mr. and Mrs. Carrizo, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.
Mr. Carrizo was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache. Mrs. Carrizo was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Carrizos had a small son called Leonardo and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
The Carrizos had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didn't think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Gonzaless. Mrs. Gonzales was Mrs. Carrizo's sister, but they hadn't met for several years;
in fact, Mrs. Carrizo pretended she didn't have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unCarrizoish as it was possible to be. The Carrizos shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Gonzaless arrived in the street. The Carrizos knew that the
Gonzaless had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boy was another good reason for keeping the Gonzaless away; they didn't want Leonardo mixing with a child like that.
When Mr. and Mrs. Carrizo woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country. Mr. Carrizo hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Carrizo gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Leonardo into his high chair.
None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.
At half past eight, Mr. Carrizo picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Carrizo on the cheek, and tried to kiss Leonardo good-bye but missed,
because Leonardo was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. "Little tyke," chortled Mr. Carrizo as he left the house. He got into his car and backed out of number four's drive.
It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of something peculiar -- a cat reading a map. For a second, Mr. Carrizo didn't realize what he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to
look again. There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive, but there wasn't a map in sight. What could he have been thinking of? It must have been a trick of the light. Mr. Carrizo blinked and
stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Carrizo drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It was now reading the sign that said Privet Drive -- no, looking at the sign; cats couldn't read maps or signs. Mr. Carrizo gave himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind. As he drove toward town he thought of nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day.
But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something else. As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn't help
noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. People in cloaks. Mr. Carrizo couldn't bear people who dressed in funny clothes -- the getups you saw on young people! He supposed this was some stupid new fashion. He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite
close by. They were whispering excitedly together. Mr. Carrizo was enraged to see that a couple of them weren't young at all; why, that man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Carrizo that this was probably some silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for something...
yes, that would be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr. Carrizo arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.
Mr. Carrizo always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor. If he hadn't, he might have found it harder to concentrate on drills that morning. He didn't see the owls swoop ing past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open- mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. Most of them had never seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Carrizo, however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at five different people. He made several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more. He was in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he'd stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.
He'd forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of them next to the baker's. He eyed them angrily as he passed. He didn't know why, but they made him uneasy. This bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and he couldn't see a single collecting tin. It was on
his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he caught a few words of what they were saying.
"The Gonzaless, that's right, that's what I heard yes, their son, Roberto" Mr. Carrizo stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.
He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind. He put the receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking... no, he was being stupid. Gonzales wasn't such an unusual name. He was sure there were lots of people called Gonzales who had a son called Roberto. Come to think
of it, he wasn't even sure his nephew was called Roberto. He'd never even seen the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There was no point in worrying Mrs. Carrizo; she always got so upset at any mention of her sister. He didn't blame her -- if he'd had a sister like that... but all
the same, those people in cloaks.
He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when he left the building at five o'clock, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door.
"Sorry," he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It was a few seconds before Mr. Carrizo realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak. He didn't seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the ground. On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in
a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir,for nothing could upset me today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last! Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy,
happy day!"
And the old man hugged Mr. Carrizo around the middle and walked off. Mr. Carrizo stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a complete stranger. He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that was. He was rattled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping
he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didn't approve of imagination.
As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw -- and it didn't improve his mood -- was the tabby cat he'd spotted that morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
"Shoo!" said Mr. Carrizo loudly. The cat didn't move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this normal cat behavior? Mr. Carrizo wondered. Trying to pull himself together, he let himself into the house. He was still determined not to mention anything to his wife.
Mrs. Carrizo had had a nice, normal day. She told him over dinner all about Mrs. Next Door's problems with her daughter and how Leonardo had learned a new word ("Won't!"). Mr. Carrizo tried to act normally. When Leonardo had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to catch the last report on the evening news:
"And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's
owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been
hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since
sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly
changed their sleeping pattern." The newscaster allowed himself a grin. "Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?"
"Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they've had a downpour of shooting stars! Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early -- it's
not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight."
Mr. Carrizo sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over Britain? Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place? And a whisper, a whisper about the Gonzaless...
Mrs. Carrizo came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was no good. He'd have to say something to her. He cleared his throat nervously. "Er -- Beatriz, dear -- you haven't heard from your sister lately, have you?"
As he had expected, Mrs. Carrizo looked shocked and angry. After all, they normally pretended she didn't have a sister.
"No," she said sharply. "Why?"
"Funny stuff on the news," Mr. Carrizo mumbled. "Owls... shooting stars... and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today..."
"So?" snapped Mrs. Carrizo.
"Well, I just thought... maybe... it was something to do with... you know... her crowd."
Mrs. Carrizo sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Carrizo wondered whether he dared tell her he'd heard the name "Gonzales." He decided he didn't dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, "Their son --
he'd be about Leonardo's age now, wouldn't he?"
"I suppose so," said Mrs. Carrizo stiffly.
"What's his name again? Howard, isn't it?"
"Roberto. Nasty, common name, if you ask me."
"Oh, yes," said Mr. Carrizo, his heart sinking horribly. "Yes, I quite agree."
He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Carrizo was in the bathroom, Mr. Carrizo crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. The cat was still there.
It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for
something.
Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the Gonzaless? If it did... if it got out that they were related to a pair of
-- well, he didn't think he could bear it.
The Carrizos got into bed. Mrs. Carrizo fell asleep quickly but Mr. Carrizo lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last, comforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Gonzaless were
involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs. Carrizo. The Gonzaless knew very well what he and Beatriz thought about
them and their kind.... He couldn't see how he and Beatriz could get mixed up in anything that might be going on -- he yawned and turned over -- it couldn't affect them....
How very wrong he was.
Mr. Carrizo might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat
on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of
Privet Drive. It didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat moved at all.
A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd just popped out of the ground. The cat's tail twitched and its eyes narrowed.
Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots. His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This man's name was Alfonso Dominguez.
Alfonso Dominguez didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a
street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something. But he did seem to realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still staring at him from the other end of the street. For
some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him. He chuckled and muttered, "I should have known."
He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and
clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He
clicked it again -- the next lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times
he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street
were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Carrizo, they wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. Dominguez slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down
6
on the wall next to the cat. He didn't look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it.
"Fancy seeing you here, Professor Romero."
He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling
at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into a tight bun. She looked distinctly ruffled.
"How did you know it was me?" she asked.
"My dear Professor, I 've never seen a cat sit so stiffly."
"You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said Professor Romero.
"All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here."
Professor Romero sniffed angrily.
"Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," she said impatiently.
"You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no -- even the Muggles have noticed something's going on. It was on their news." She jerked her head back at the Carrizos' dark living-room window. "I heard it. Flocks of owls... shooting stars.... Well, they're not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent -- I'll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense."
"You can't blame them," said Dominguez gently. "We've had precious little to celebrate for eleven years."
"I know that," said Professor Romero irritably. "But that's no reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors."
She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dominguez here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on. "A
fine thing it would be if, on the very day YouKnow-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he
7
really has gone, Dominguez?"
"It certainly seems so," said Dominguez. "We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for a lemon drop?"
"A what?"
"A lemon drop. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"
"No, thank you," said Professor Romero coldly, as though she didn't think this was the moment for lemon drops. "As I say, even if You-Know-Who has gone -"
"My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him
by his name? All this 'You- Know-Who' nonsense -- for eleven years I
have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Salvador." Professor Romero flinched, but Dominguez, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. "It all gets so
confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who.' I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Salvador's name.
"I know you haven 't, said Professor Romero, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. "But you're different. Everyone knows you're the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Salvador, was frightened of."
"You flatter me," said Dominguez calmly. "Salvador had powers I will never have."
"Only because you're too -- well -- noble to use them."
"It's lucky it's dark. I haven't blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs."
Professor Romero shot a sharp look at Dominguez and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around. You know what everyone's saying? About why he's disappeared? About what finally stopped him?"
It seemed that Professor Romero had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dominguez with such a piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that whatever "everyone" was saying, she was not going to believe it until
8
Dominguez told her it was true. Dominguez, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer.
"What they're saying," she pressed on, "is that last night Salvador turned up in Godric's Hollow. He went to find the Gonzaless. The rumor is that Sofia and Ricardo Gonzales are -- are -- that they're -- dead. "
Dominguez bowed his head. Professor Romero gasped.
"Sofia and Ricardo... I can't believe it... I didn't want to believe it... Oh, Alfonso..."
Dominguez reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "I know... I know..." he said heavily.
Professor Romero's voice trembled as she went on. "That's not all. They're saying he tried to kill the Gonzales's son, Roberto. But -- he couldn't. He couldn't kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how, but they're saying that when he couldn't kill Roberto Gonzales, Salvador's power somehow broke -- and that's why he's gone.
Dominguez nodded glumly.
"It's -- it's true?" faltered Professor Romero. "After all he's done... all the people he's killed... he couldn't kill a little boy?
It's just astounding... of all the things to stop him... but how in the name of heaven did Roberto survive?"
"We can only guess," said Dominguez. "We may never know."
Professor Romero pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles. Dominguez gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it. It was a very odd watch.
It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge. It must have made sense to Dominguez, though, because he put it back in his pocket and said, "Villalba's late. I suppose it was
he who told you I'd be here, by the way?"
"Yes," said Professor Romero. "And I don't suppose you're going to tell me why you're here, of all places?"
"I've come to bring Roberto to his aunt and uncle. They're the only family he has left now."
9
"You don't mean -- you can't mean the people who live here?" cried Professor Romero, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. "Dominguez -- you can't. I've been watching them all day. You couldn't find two people who are less like us. And they've got this son -- I saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets. Roberto Gonzales come and live here!"
"It's the best place for him," said Dominguez firmly. "His aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he's older. I've written them a letter."
"A letter?" repeated Professor Romero faintly, sitting back down on the wall. "Really, Dominguez, you think you can explain all this in a letter? These people will never understand him! He'll be famous -- a legend -- I wouldn't be surprised if today was known as Roberto Gonzales day in the future -- there will be books written about Roberto -- every child
in our world will know his name!"
"Exactly," said Dominguez, looking very seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses. "It would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous before he can walk and talk! Famous for something he won't even remember! CarA you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away from all that until he's ready to take it?"
Professor Romero opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course. But how is the boy
getting here, Dominguez?" She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Roberto underneath it.
"Villalba's bringing him."
"You think it -- wise -- to trust Villalba with something as important as this?"
I would trust Villalba with my life," said Dominguez.
"I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor Romero grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless. He does tend to -- what was that?"
A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a
10
headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky -- and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.
If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride
it. He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild - long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were
like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.
"Villalba," said Dominguez, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did you get that motorcycle?"
"Borrowed it, Professor Dominguez, sit," said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. "Young Gustavo Martinez lent it to me. I've got him, sir."
"No problems, were there?"
"No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before the Muggles started swarmin' around. He fell asleep as we was flyin' over Bristol."
Dominguez and Professor Romero bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a
tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously
shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.
"Is that where -?" whispered Professor Romero. "Yes," said Dominguez. "He'll have that scar forever." "Couldn't you do something about it, Dominguez?"
"Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well -- give him here, Villalba -- we'd better get this over with."
Dominguez took Roberto in his arms and turned toward the Carrizos' house. "Could I -- could I say good-bye to him, sir?" asked Villalba. He bent his
11
great, shaggy head over Roberto and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Villalba let out a howl like a wounded dog.
"Shhh!" hissed Professor Romero, "you'll wake the Muggles!"
"S-s-sorry," sobbed Villalba, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it. "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Sofia an' Ricardo dead
-- an' poor little Roberto off ter live with Muggles -"
"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Villalba, or
we'll be found," Professor Romero whispered, patting Villalba gingerly on the arm as Dominguez stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. He laid Roberto gently on the doorstep, took a letter out
of his cloak, tucked it inside Roberto's blankets, and then came back to
the other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at
the little bundle; Villalba's shoulders shook, Professor Romero
blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dominguez's eyes seemed to have gone out.
"Well," said Dominguez finally, "that's that. We've no business staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations."
"Yeah," said Villalba in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Gustavo his bike back. G'night, Professor Romero -- Professor Dominguez, sir."
Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Villalba swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night.
"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor Romero," said Dominguez, nodding to her. Professor Romero blew her nose in reply.
Dominguez turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and
twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet
Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four.
"Good luck, Roberto," he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.
12
A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Roberto Gonzales rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs. Carrizo's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Leonardo... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Roberto Gonzales -- the boy who lived!"
CHAPTER TWO
THE VANISHING GLASS
Nearly ten years had passed since the Carrizos had woken up to find
their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at
all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Carrizos' front door; it crept into their living
room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Carrizo had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a
large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -- but Leonardo Carrizo was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.
Yet Roberto Gonzales was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for
long. His Aunt Beatriz was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day.
"Up! Get up! Now!"
Roberto woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again.
"Up!" she screeched. Roberto heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his
back and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a
13
good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny feeling he'd had the same dream before.
His aunt was back outside the door.
"Are you up yet?" she demanded.
"Nearly," said Roberto.
"Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don't you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday."
Roberto groaned.
"What did you say?" his aunt snapped through the door. "Nothing, nothing..."
Leonardo's birthday -- how could he have forgotten? Roberto got slowly out of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and, after pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Roberto was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept.
When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table was almost hidden beneath all Leonardo's birthday presents. It looked as though Leonardo had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike. Exactly why Leonardo wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Roberto, as Leonardo was very fat and hated exercise -- unless of course it involved punching somebody. Leonardo's favorite punching bag was Roberto, but he couldn't often catch him. Roberto didn't look it, but he was very fast.
Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Roberto had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes
of Leonardo's, and Leonardo was about four times bigger than he was. Roberto had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He
wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of
all the times Leonardo had punched him on the nose. The only thing Roberto liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it as long as he could remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his Aunt
14
Beatriz was how he had gotten it.
"In the car crash when your parents died," she had said. "And don't ask questions."
Don't ask questions -- that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Carrizos.
Uncle Francisco entered the kitchen as Roberto was turning over the bacon. "Comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting.
About once a week, Uncle Francisco looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Roberto needed a haircut. Roberto must have had more haircuts than the rest of the boys in his class put
together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way -- all over the place.
Roberto was frying eggs by the time Leonardo arrived in the kitchen with his mother. Leonardo looked a lot like Uncle Francisco. He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Beatriz often said that Leonardo looked like a baby angel -- Roberto often said that Leonardo looked like a
pig in a wig.
Roberto put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult
as there wasn't much room. Leonardo, meanwhile, was counting his presents. His face fell.
"Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father. "That's two less than last year."
"Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy."
"All right, thirty-seven then," said Leonardo, going red in the face.
Roberto, who could see a huge Leonardo tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case Leonardo turned the table over.
Aunt Beatriz obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, "And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right''
15
Leonardo thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..."
"Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Beatriz.
"Oh." Leonardo sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right then."
Uncle Francisco chuckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy, Leonardo!" He ruffled Leonardo's hair.
At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Beatriz went to answer it while Roberto and Uncle Francisco watched Leonardo unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Beatriz came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.
"Bad news, Francisco," she said. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't take him." She jerked her head in Roberto's direction.
Leonardo's mouth fell open in horror, but Roberto's heart gave a leap. Every year on Leonardo's birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every year, Roberto was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. Roberto hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats she'd ever owned.
"Now what?" said Aunt Beatriz, looking furiously at Roberto as though he'd planned this. Roberto knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had
broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself it would be
a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.
"We could phone Marge," Uncle Francisco suggested. "Don't be silly, Francisco, she hates the boy."
The Carrizos often spoke about Roberto like this, as though he wasn't there -- or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't understand them, like a slug.
16
"What about what's-her-name, your friend -- Yvonne?" "On vacation in Majorca," snapped Aunt Beatriz.
"You could just leave me here," Roberto put in hopefully (he'd be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Leonardo's computer).
Aunt Beatriz looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon.
"And come back and find the house in ruins?" she snarled.
"I won't blow up the house," said Roberto, but they weren't listening.
"I suppose we could take him to the zoo," said Aunt Beatriz slowly, "... and leave him in the car...."
"That car's new, he's not sitting in it alone...."
Leonardo began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasn't really crying -- it had been years since he'd really cried -- but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.
"Dinky Duddydums, don't cry, Mummy won't let him spoil your special day!" she cried, flinging her arms around him.
"I... don't... want... him... t-t-to come!" Leonardo yelled between huge, pretend sobs. "He always sp- spoils everything!" He shot Roberto a nasty grin through the gap in his mother's arms.
Just then, the doorbell rang -- "Oh, good Lord, they're here!" said Aunt Beatriz frantically -- and a moment later, Leonardo's best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their backs while Leonardo hit them. Leonardo stopped pretending to cry at once.
Half an hour later, Roberto, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the Carrizos' car with Piers and Leonardo, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadn't been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle Francisco had taken Roberto aside.
"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up
17
close to Roberto's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny business, anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas."
"I'm not going to do anything," said Roberto, "honestly.. But Uncle Francisco didn't believe him. No one ever did.
The problem was, strange things often happened around Roberto and it was just no good telling the Carrizos he didn't make them happen.
Once, Aunt Beatriz, tired of Roberto coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors
and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left "to hide that horrible scar." Leonardo had laughed himself silly
at Roberto, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses. Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
had been before Aunt Beatriz had sheared it off He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.
Another time, Aunt Beatriz had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Leonardo's (brown with orange puff balls) -- The harder she tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn't fit Roberto. Aunt Beatriz had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Roberto wasn't punished.
On the other hand, he'd gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the school kitchens. Leonardo's gang had been chasing him as usual when, as much to Roberto's surprise as anyone else's, there he was sitting on the chimney. The Carrizos had received a very angry letter from Roberto's headmistress telling them Roberto had been climbing school buildings. But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Francisco through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors. Roberto supposed that the wind must have caught him in mid- jump.
But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with Leonardo and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school, his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg's cabbage-smelling living room.
18
While he drove, Uncle Francisco complained to Aunt Beatriz. He liked to complain about things: people at work, Roberto, the council, Roberto, the bank, and Roberto were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning, it was motorcycles.
"... roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums," he said, as a motorcycle overtook them.
I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Roberto, remembering suddenly. "It was flying."
Uncle Francisco nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Roberto, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"
Leonardo and Piers sniggered.
I know they don't," said Roberto. "It was only a dream."
But he wished he hadn't said anything. If there was one thing the Carrizos hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking about anything acting in a way it shouldn't, no matter if it was in a dream or even a cartoon -- they seemed to think he might get dangerous ideas.
It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. The Carrizos bought Leonardo and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Roberto what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop. It wasn't bad, either, Roberto thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Leonardo, except that it wasn't blond.
Roberto had the best morning he'd had in a long time. He was careful to walk a little way apart from the Carrizos so that Leonardo and Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn't fall back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Leonardo had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Francisco bought him another one and Roberto was allowed to finish the first.
Roberto felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last.
19
After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark in
there, with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all sorts
of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone. Leonardo and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons. Leonardo quickly found the largest snake in the place. It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Francisco's car and crushed it into a trash can -- but at the moment it didn't look in
the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.
Leonardo stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.
"Make it move," he whined at his father. Uncle Francisco tapped on the glass, but the snake didn't budge.
"Do it again," Leonardo ordered. Uncle Francisco rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
"This is boring," Leonardo moaned. He shuffled away.
Roberto moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He wouldn't have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself -- no company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long. It was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Beatriz hammering on the door to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.
The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised its head until its eyes were on a level with Roberto's.
It winked.
Roberto stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was watching. They weren't. He looked back at the snake and winked, too.
The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Francisco and Leonardo, then raised its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Roberto a look that said quite plainly:
"I get that all the time.
"I know," Roberto murmured through the glass, though he wasn't sure the snake could hear him. "It must be really annoying."
20
The snake nodded vigorously.
"Where do you come from, anyway?" Roberto asked.
The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Roberto peered at it.
Boa Constrictor, Brazil. "Was it nice there?"
The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Roberto read on: This specimen was bred in the zoo. "Oh, I see -- so you've never been to Brazil?"
As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Roberto made both of them jump.
"LEONARDO! MR. CARRIZO! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE
WHAT IT'S DOING!"
Leonardo came waddling toward them as fast as he could.
"Out of the way, you," he said, punching Roberto in the ribs. Caught by surprise, Roberto fell hard on the concrete floor. What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, Piers and Leonardo were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.
Roberto sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor's tank had vanished. The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.
As the snake slid swiftly past him, Roberto could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, "Brazil, here I come.... Thanksss, amigo."
The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.
"But the glass," he kept saying, "where did the glass go?"
21
The zoo director himself made Aunt Beatriz a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again. Piers and Leonardo could only gibber. As far as Roberto had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were
all back in Uncle Francisco's car, Leonardo was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Roberto at least, was Piers calming down enough to say, "Roberto was talking to it, weren't you, Roberto?"
Uncle Francisco waited until Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Roberto. He was so angry he could hardly speak. He managed to say, "Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meals," before he collapsed into a chair, and Aunt Beatriz had to run and get him a large brandy.
Roberto lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch. He didn't know what time it was and he couldn't be sure the Carrizos were asleep yet. Until they were, he couldn't risk sneaking to the kitchen
for some food.
He'd lived with the Carrizos almost ten years, ten miserable years, as
long as he could remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his parents had died in that car crash. He couldn't remember being in the car when
his parents had died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding
flash of green light and a burn- ing pain on his forehead. This, he supposed, was the crash, though he couldn't imagine where all the green light came from. He couldn't remember his parents at all. His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions. There were no photographs of them in the house.
When he had been younger, Roberto had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
Carrizos were his only family. Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange strangers
they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out shopping with Aunt Beatriz and Leonardo. After asking Roberto furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Beatriz had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. A bald man in a very long purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all these people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Roberto tried to get a
22
closer look.
At school, Roberto had no one. Everybody knew that Leonardo's gang hated that odd Roberto Gonzales in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with Leonardo's gang.
CHAPTER THREE
THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE
The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Roberto his
longest-ever punishment. By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and Leonardo had already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time
out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet Drive on her crutches.
Roberto was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Leonardo's gang, who visited the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Leonardo was the biggest and stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite happy to join in Leonardo's favorite sport: Roberto Hunting.
This was why Roberto spent as much time as possible out of the house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he could see a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be
with Leonardo. Leonardo had been accepted at Uncle Francisco's old private school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Roberto, on the
other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school. Leonardo thought this was very funny.
"They stuff people's heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall," he told Roberto. "Want to come upstairs and practice?"
"No, thanks," said Roberto. "The poor toilet's never had anything as horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick." Then he ran, before Leonardo could work out what he'd said.
One day in July, Aunt Beatriz took Leonardo to London to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Roberto at Mrs. Figg's. Mrs. Figg wasn 't as bad as
usual. It turned out she'd broken her leg tripping over one of her cats,
23
and she didn't seem quite as fond of them as before. She let Roberto watch television and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though she'd had it for several years.
That evening, Leonardo paraded around the living room for the family in his brand-new uniform. Smeltings' boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters. They also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren't looking. This was supposed to be good training for later life.
As he looked at Leonardo in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Francisco said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt Beatriz burst
into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle Leonardokins, he looked so handsome and grown-up. Roberto didn't trust himself to speak. He thought two of his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to laugh.
There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Roberto went in for breakfast. It seemed to be coming from a large metal tub in the sink. He went to have a look. The tub was full of what looked like dirty rags swimming in gray water.
"What's this?" he asked Aunt Beatriz. Her lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a question.
"Your new school uniform," she said.
Roberto looked in the bowl again.
"Oh," he said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet."
"DotA be stupid," snapped Aunt Beatriz. "I'm dyeing some of Leonardo's old things gray for you. It'll look just like everyone else's when I've
finished."
Roberto seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue. He sat down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he was wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably.
Leonardo and Uncle Francisco came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the smell from Roberto's new uniform. Uncle Francisco opened his newspaper as usual and Leonardo banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere,
24
on the table.
They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.
"Get the mail, Leonardo," said Uncle Francisco from behind his paper. "Make Roberto get it."
"Get the mail, Roberto."
"Make Leonardo get it."
"Poke him with your Smelting stick, Leonardo."
Roberto dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail. Three things
lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Francisco's sister Marge, who was vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a
bill, and -- a letter for Roberto.
Roberto picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant elastic band. No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to him. Who would? He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back. Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:
Mr. H. Gonzales
The Cupboard under the Stairs
4 Privet Drive
Little Whinging
Surrey
The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald-green ink. There was no stamp.
Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Roberto saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter H.
25
"Hurry up, boy!" shouted Uncle Francisco from the kitchen. "What are you doing, checking for letter bombs?" He chuckled at his own joke.
Roberto went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He handed Uncle Francisco the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope.
Uncle Francisco ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard.
"Marge's ill," he informed Aunt Beatriz. "Ate a funny whelk. --." "Dad!" said Leonardo suddenly. "Dad, Roberto's got something!"
Roberto was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Francisco.
"That's mine!" said Roberto, trying to snatch it back.
"Who'd be writing to you?" sneered Uncle Francisco, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it. His face went from red to green faster than a set of traffic lights. And it didn't stop there. Within seconds
it was the grayish white of old porridge.
"P-P-Beatriz!" he gasped.
Leonardo tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Francisco held it
high out of his reach. Aunt Beatriz took it curiously and read the first line. For a moment it looked as though she might faint. She clutched her throat and made a choking noise.
"Francisco! Oh my goodness -- Francisco!"
They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Roberto and Leonardo were still in the room. Leonardo wasn't used to being ignored. He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.
"I want to read that letter," he said loudly. want to read it," said Roberto furiously, "as it's mine."
"Get out, both of you," croaked Uncle Francisco, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.
26
Roberto didn't move.
I WANT MY LETTER!" he shouted. "Let me see it!" demanded Leonardo.
"OUT!" roared Uncle Francisco, and he took both Roberto and Leonardo by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the
kitchen door behind them. Roberto and Leonardo promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Leonardo won, so Roberto, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at
the crack between door and floor.
"Francisco," Aunt Beatriz was saying in a quivering voice, "look at the address -- how could they possibly know where he sleeps? You don't think they're watching the house?"
"Watching -- spying -- might be following us," muttered Uncle Francisco wildly.
"But what should we do, Francisco? Should we write back? Tell them we don't want --"
Roberto could see Uncle Francisco's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the kitchen.
"No," he said finally. "No, we'll ignore it. If they don't get an answer... Yes, that's best... we won't do anything....
"But --"
"I'm not having one in the house, Beatriz! Didn't we swear when we took him in we'd stamp out that dangerous nonsense?"
That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Francisco did something he'd never done before; he visited Roberto in his cupboard.
"Where's my letter?" said Roberto, the moment Uncle Francisco had squeezed through the door. "Who's writing to me?"
"No one. it was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle Francisco shortly. "I have burned it."
27
"It was not a mistake," said Roberto angrily, "it had my cupboard on it."
"SILENCE!" yelled Uncle Francisco, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling. He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a smile, which looked quite painful.
"Er -- yes, Roberto -- about this cupboard. Your aunt and I have been thinking... you're really getting a bit big for it... we think it might be nice if you moved into Leonardo's second bedroom.
"Why?" said Roberto.
"Don't ask questions!" snapped his uncle. "Take this stuff upstairs, now."
The Carrizos' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Francisco and Aunt Beatriz, one for visitors (usually Uncle Francisco's sister, Marge), one where Leonardo slept, and one where Leonardo kept all the toys and things that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom. It only took Roberto one trip
upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room. He sat down on the bed and stared around him. Nearly everything in here was broken. The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working tank Leonardo had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the corner was Leonardo's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Leonardo had swapped at school for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent
because Leonardo had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They were the only things in the room that looked as though they'd never been touched.
From downstairs came the sound of Leonardo bawling at his mother, I don't want him in there... I need that room... make him get out...."
Roberto sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday he'd have given anything to be up here. Today he'd rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than up here without it.
Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Leonardo was in shock. He'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back. Roberto was
28
thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he'd opened the letter in the hall. Uncle Francisco and Aunt Beatriz kept looking at each other darkly.
When the mail arrived, Uncle Francisco, who seemed to be trying to be nice to Roberto, made Leonardo go and get it. They heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall. Then he shouted, "There's another one! 'Mr. H. Gonzales, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"
With a strangled cry, Uncle Francisco leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Roberto right behind him. Uncle Francisco had to wrestle Leonardo to the ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact
that Roberto had grabbed Uncle Francisco around the neck from behind. After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Francisco straightened up, gasping for breath, with Roberto's letter clutched in his hand.
"Go to your cupboard -- I mean, your bedroom," he wheezed at Roberto. "Leonardo -- go -- just go."
Roberto walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had moved out of his cupboard and they seemed to know he hadn't received his first
letter. Surely that meant they'd try again? And this time he'd make sure
they didn't fail. He had a plan.
The repaired alarm clock rang at six o'clock the next morning. Roberto turned it off quickly and dressed silently. He mustn't wake the Carrizos. He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights.
He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letters for number four first. His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door --
Roberto leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat -- something alive!
Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Roberto realized that the
big, squashy something had been his uncle's face. Uncle Francisco had been lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
sure that Roberto didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do. He
shouted at Roberto for about half an hour and then told him to go and make a cup of tea. Roberto shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Francisco's lap.
29
Roberto could see three letters addressed in green ink.
I want --" he began, but Uncle Francisco was tearing the letters into pieces before his eyes. Uncle Francisco didnt go to work that day. He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.
"See," he explained to Aunt Beatriz through a mouthful of nails, "if they can't deliver them they'll just give up."
"I'm not sure that'll work, Francisco."
"Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Beatriz, they're not like you and me," said Uncle Francisco, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Beatriz had just brought him.
On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Roberto. As they couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small window in the downstairs bathroom.
Uncle Francisco stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got
out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and
back doors so no one could go out. He hummed "Tiptoe Through the Tulips" as he worked, and jumped at small noises.
On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters to
Roberto found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each
of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt Beatriz through the living room window. While Uncle Francisco made furious telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone
to complain to, Aunt Beatriz shredded the letters in her food processor.
"Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?" Leonardo asked Roberto in amazement.
On Sunday morning, Uncle Francisco sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.
"No post on Sundays," he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, "no damn letters today --"
Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head. Next moment, thirty or forty
30
letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The Carrizos ducked, but Roberto leapt into the air trying to catch one.
"Out! OUT!"
Uncle Francisco seized Roberto around the waist and threw him into the hall. When Aunt Beatriz and Leonardo had run out with their arms over their faces, Uncle Francisco slammed the door shut. They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
"That does it," said Uncle Francisco, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time. I want you all back here in five minutes ready to leave. We're going away. Just pack some clothes. No arguments!"
He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared argue. Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway. Leonardo was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and computer in his sports bag.
They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Beatriz didn't dare ask where they were going. Every now and then Uncle Francisco would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while. "Shake'em off... shake 'em
off," he would mutter whenever he did this.
They didn't stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall Leonardo was howling. He'd never had such a bad day in his life. He was hungry, he'd missed five television programs he'd wanted to see, and he'd never gone so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.
Uncle Francisco stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city. Leonardo and Roberto shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets. Leonardo snored but Roberto stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering....
They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day. They had just finished when the owner of the hotel came over to their table.
"'Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Gonzales? Only I got about an 'undred
31
of these at the front desk."
She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address:
Mr. H. Gonzales
Room 17
Railview Hotel
Cokeworth
Roberto made a grab for the letter but Uncle Francisco knocked his hand out of the way. The woman stared.
"I'll take them," said Uncle Francisco, standing up quickly and following her from the dining room.
Wouldn't it be better just to go home, dear?" Aunt Beatriz suggested timidly, hours later, but Uncle Francisco didn't seem to hear her. Exactly what he was looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in the car, and off they went again. The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.
"Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" Leonardo asked Aunt Beatriz dully late that afternoon. Uncle Francisco had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared.
It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. Dud ley sniveled.
"It's Monday," he told his mother. "The Great Humberto's on tonight. I want to stay somewhere with a television. "
Monday. This reminded Roberto of something. If it was Monday -- and you could usually count on Leonardo to know the days the week, because of television -- then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Roberto's eleventh birthday. Of course, his birthdays were never exactly fun -- last year, the Carrizos
had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Francisco's old socks. Still, you weren't eleven every day.
32
Uncle Francisco was back and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long, thin package and didn't answer Aunt Beatriz when she asked what he'd bought.
"Found the perfect place!" he said. "Come on! Everyone out!"
It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Francisco was pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine. One thing was certain, there was no television in there.
"Storm forecast for tonight!" said Uncle Francisco gleefully, clapping his hands together. "And this gentleman's kindly agreed to lend us his boat!"
A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.
"I've already got us some rations," said Uncle Francisco, "so all aboard!"
It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Francisco, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.
The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty. There were only two rooms.
Uncle Francisco's rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four bananas. He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.
"Could do with some of those letters now, eh?" he said cheerfully.
He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. Roberto privately
agreed, though the thought didn't cheer him up at all.
As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. Spray from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy windows. Aunt Beatriz found a few moldy blankets in the second
33
room and made up a bed for Leonardo on the moth-eaten sofa. She and Uncle Francisco went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Roberto was left to find
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest,
most ragged blanket.
The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on. Roberto couldn't sleep. He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, his stomach rumbling with hunger. Leonardo's snores were drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. The lighted dial of Leonardo's watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist, told Roberto he'd be eleven in ten minutes' time. He lay and
watched his birthday tick nearer, wondering if the Carrizos would remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now.
Five minutes to go. Roberto heard something creak outside. He hoped the roof wasn't going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did.
Four minutes to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of letters when they got back that he'd be able to steal one somehow.
Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like that? And (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching noise? Was the rock crumbling into the sea?
One minute to go and he'd be eleven. Thirty seconds... twenty ... ten... nine -- maybe he'd wake Leonardo up, just to annoy him -- three... two... one...
BOOM.
The whole shack shivered and Roberto sat bolt upright, staring at the door. Someone was outside, knocking to come in.
CHAPTER FOUR
THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS
BOOM. They knocked again. Leonardo jerked awake. "Where's the cannon?" he said stupidly.
There was a crash behind them and Uncle Francisco came skidding into the room. He was holding a rifle in his hands -- now they knew what had been in the long, thin package he had brought with them.
34
"Who's there?" he shouted. "I warn you -- I'm armed!"
There was a pause. Then --
SMASH!
The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.
A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.
The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling. He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it easily back into its frame. The noise of the storm outside dropped a little. He turned to look at them all.
"Couldn't make us a cup o' tea, could yeh? It's not been an easy journey..."
He strode over to the sofa where Leonardo sat frozen with fear. "Budge up, yeh great lump," said the stranger.
Leonardo squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Francisco.
"An' here's Roberto!" said the giant.
Roberto looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.
"Las' time I saw you, you was only a baby," said the giant. "Yeh look a lot like yet dad, but yeh've got yet mom's eyes."
Uncle Francisco made a funny rasping noise.
I demand that you leave at once, sit!" he said. "You are breaking and entering!"
35
"Ah, shut up, Carrizo, yeh great prune," said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Francisco's hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.
Uncle Francisco made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.
"Anyway -- Roberto," said the giant, turning his back on the Carrizos, "a very happy birthday to yeh. Got summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sat on it at some point, but it'll taste all right."
From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly squashed box. Roberto opened it with trembling fingers. Inside was a large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Roberto written on it in green icing.
Roberto looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you, but the words got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, "Who are you?"
The giant chuckled.
"True, I haven't introduced meself. Matias Villalba, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts."
He held out an enormous hand and shook Roberto's whole arm.
"What about that tea then, eh?" he said, rubbing his hands together. "I'd not say no ter summat stronger if yeh've got it, mind."
His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and
he snorted. He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn't see what he was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Roberto felt the warmth wash over him as though he'd sunk into a hot bath.
The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a
copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and
smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt
36
sausages from the poker, Leonardo fidgeted a little. Uncle Francisco said sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Leonardo."
The giant chuckled darkly.
"Yet great puddin' of a son don' need fattenin' anymore, Carrizo, don' worry."
He passed the sausages to Roberto, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the
giant. Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said, "I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are."
The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
"Call me Villalba," he said, "everyone does. An' like I told yeh, I'm Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- yeh'll know all about Hogwarts, o' course.
"Er -- no," said Roberto. Villalba looked shocked. "Sorry," Roberto said quickly.
"Sony?" barked Villalba, turning to stare at the Carrizos, who shrank back into the shadows. "It' s them as should be sorry! I knew yeh weren't gettin' yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn't even know abou' Hogwarts, fer cryin' out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yet parents learned it all?"
"All what?" asked Roberto.
"ALL WHAT?" Villalba thundered. "Now wait jus' one second!"
He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill the whole hut. The Carrizos were cowering against the wall.
"Do you mean ter tell me," he growled at the Carrizos, "that this boy -- this boy! -- knows nothin' abou' -- about ANYTHING?"
Roberto thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school, after all, and his marks weren't bad.
37
"I know some things," he said. "I can, you know, do math and stuff." But Villalba simply waved his hand and said, "About our world, I mean. Your world. My world. Yer parents' world."
"What world?"
Villalba looked as if he was about to explode.
"CARRIZO!" he boomed.
Uncle Francisco, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like "Mimblewimble." Villalba stared wildly at Roberto.
"But yeh must know about yet mom and dad," he said. "I mean, they're famous. You're famous."
"What? My -- my mom and dad weren't famous, were they?"
"Yeh don' know... yeh don' know..." Villalba ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Roberto with a bewildered stare.
"Yeh don' know what yeh are?" he said finally. Uncle Francisco suddenly found his voice.
"Stop!" he commanded. "Stop right there, sit! I forbid you to tell the boy anything!"
A braver man than Francisco Carrizo would have quailed under the furious look Villalba now gave him; when Villalba spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.
"You never told him? Never told him what was in the letter Dominguez left fer him? I was there! I saw Dominguez leave it, Carrizo! An' you've kept it from him all these years?"
"Kept what from me?" said Roberto eagerly.
"STOP! I FORBID YOU!" yelled Uncle Francisco in panic. Aunt Beatriz gave a gasp of horror.
38
"Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," said Villalba. "Roberto -- yet a wizard."
There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.
"-- a what?" gasped Roberto.
"A wizard, o' course," said Villalba, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once yeh've been trained up a bit. With a mum an' dad like yours, what else would yeh be? An' I reckon it's abou' time yeh read yer letter."
Roberto stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope, addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Gonzales, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read:
HOGWARTS SPAULAOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: ALFONSO DOMINGUEZ
(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)
Dear Mr. Gonzales,
We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.
Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely,
Elena Romero, Deputy Headmistress
Questions exploded inside Roberto's head like fireworks and he couldn't decide which to ask first. After a few minutes he stammered, "What does it mean, they await my owl?"
"Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me," said Villalba, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet
39
another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl -- a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl -- a long quill, and a roll of parchment. With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Roberto could read upside down:
Dear Professor Dominguez,
Given Roberto his letter.
Taking him to buy his things tomorrow. Weather's horrible. Hope you're Well. Villalba
Villalba rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm. Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone.
Roberto realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.
"Where was I?" said Villalba, but at that moment, Uncle Francisco, still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.
"He's not going," he said.
Villalba grunted.
"I'd like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him," he said. "A what?" said Roberto, interested.
"A Muggle," said Villalba, "it's what we call nonmagic folk like thern. An' it's your bad luck you grew up in a family o' the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on."
"We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish," said Uncle Francisco, "swore we'd stamp it out of him! Wizard indeed!"
"You knew?" said Roberto. "You knew I'm a -- a wizard?"
"Knew!" shrieked Aunt Beatriz suddenly. "Knew! Of course we knew! How
40
could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that-that school-and came home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups into rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she was -- a freak! But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Sofia this and Sofia that,
they were proud of having a witch in the family!"
She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years.
"Then she met that Gonzales at school and they left and got married and had you, and of course I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange, just as -- as -- abnormal -- and then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you!"
Roberto had gone very white. As soon as he found his voice he said, "Blown up? You told me they died in a car crash!"
"CAR CRASH!" roared Villalba, jumping up so angrily that the Carrizos scuttled back to their corner. "How could a car crash kill Sofia an'
Ricardo Gonzales? It's an outrage! A scandal! Roberto Gonzales not knowin' his
own story when every kid in our world knows his name!" "But why? What happened?" Roberto asked urgently.
The anger faded from Villalba's face. He looked suddenly anxious.
"I never expected this," he said, in a low, worried voice. "I had no
idea, when Dominguez told me there might be trouble gettin' hold of yeh, how much yeh didn't know. Ah, Roberto, I don' know if I'm the right person ter tell yeh -- but someone 3 s gotta -- yeh can't go off ter Hogwarts not knowin'."
He threw a dirty look at the Carrizos.
"Well, it's best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh -- mind, I can't tell yeh everythin', it's a great myst'ry, parts of it...."
He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, "It begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's incredible yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows --"
"Who? "
41
"Well -- I don' like sayin' the name if I can help it. No one does." "Why not?"
"Gulpin' gargoyles, Roberto, people are still scared. Blimey, this is difficult. See, there was this wizard who went... bad. As bad as you could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was..."
Villalba gulped, but no words came out.
"Could you write it down?" Roberto suggested.
"Nah -can't spell it. All right -- Salvador. " Villalba shuddered. "Don'
make me say it again. Anyway, this -- this wizard, about twenty years
ago now, started lookin' fer followers. Got 'em, too -- some were
afraid, some just wanted a bit o' his power, 'cause he was gettin'
himself power, all right. Dark days, Roberto. Didn't know who ter trust,
didn't dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches... terrible
things happened. He was takin' over. 'Course, some stood up to him --
an' he killed 'em. Horribly. One o' the only safe places left was
Hogwarts. Reckon Dominguez's the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of. Didn't dare try takin' the school, not jus' then, anyway.
"Now, yer mum an' dad were as good a witch an' wizard as I ever knew. Head boy an' girl at Hogwarts in their day! Suppose the myst'ry is why You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on his side before... probably knew they were too close ter Dominguez ter want anythin' ter do with the
Dark Side.
"Maybe he thought he could persuade 'em... maybe he just wanted 'em outta the way. All anyone knows is, he turned up in the village where you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a year old. He came ter yer house an' -- an' --"
Villalba suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like a foghorn.
"Sorry," he said. "But it's that sad -- knew yer mum an' dad, an' nicer people yeh couldn't find -- anyway..."
"You-Know-Who killed 'em. An' then -- an' this is the real myst'ry of the thing -- he tried to kill you, too. Wanted ter make a clean job of it, I suppose, or maybe he just liked killin' by then. But he couldn't
42
do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead? That was no ordinary cut. That's what yeh get when a Powerful, evil curse touches
yeh -- took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house, even -- but it didn't
work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Roberto. No one ever lived after
he decided ter kill 'em, no one except you, an' he'd killed some o' the best witches an' wizards of the age -- the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts -- an' you was only a baby, an' you lived."
Something very painful was going on in Roberto's mind. As Villalba's story came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly than he had ever remembered it before -- and he remembered something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel
laugh.
Villalba was watching him sadly.
"Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dominguez's orders. Brought yeh ter this lot..."
"Load of old tosh," said Uncle Francisco. Roberto jumped; he had almost forgotten that the Carrizos were there. Uncle Francisco certainly seemed to have got back his courage. He was glaring at Villalba and his fists were clenched.
"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured -- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion -- asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types -- just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"
But at that moment, Villalba leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat. Pointing this at Uncle Francisco like a sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Carrizo -I'm warning you -- one more word... "
In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Francisco's courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.
"That's better," said Villalba, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.
43
Roberto, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them. "But what happened to Vol--, sorry -- I mean, You-Know-Who?"
"Good question, Roberto. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. That's the biggest myst'ry, see... he was gettin' more an' more powerful -- why'd he go?
"Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die. Some say he's still out there, bidin' his
time, like, but I don' believe it. People who was on his side came back ter ours. Some of 'em came outta kinda trances. Don~ reckon they could've done if he was comin' back.
"Most of us reckon he's still out there somewhere but lost his powers. Too weak to carry on. 'Cause somethin' about you finished him, Roberto. There was somethin' goin' on that night he hadn't counted on -- I dunno what it was, no one does -- but somethin' about you stumped him, all right."
Villalba looked at Roberto with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Roberto, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had
been a horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How could he possibly be? He'd spent his life being clouted by Leonardo, and bullied by Aunt Beatriz and Uncle Francisco; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned
into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard? If he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Leonardo had always been able to kick him around like a football?
"Villalba," he said quietly, "I think you must have made a mistake. I don't think I can be a wizard."
To his surprise, Villalba chuckled.
"Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared or angry?"
Roberto looked into the fire. Now he came to think about it... every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Roberto, had been upset or angry... chased by Leonardo's gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach... dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut, he'd managed to make it grow back... and the very last time Leonardo had hit him, hadn't he got his
44
revenge, without even realizing he was doing it? Hadn't he set a boa constrictor on him?
Roberto looked back at Villalba, smiling, and saw that Villalba was positively beaming at him.
"See?" said Villalba. "Roberto Gonzales, not a wizard -- you wait, you'll be right famous at Hogwarts."
But Uncle Francisco wasn't going to give in without a fight.
"Haven't I told you he's not going?" he hissed. "He's going to Stonewall High and he'll be grateful for it. I've read those letters and he needs
all sorts of rubbish -- spell books and wands and --"
"If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop him," growled Villalba. "Stop Sofia an' Ricardo Gonzales' s son goin' ter Hogwarts! Yer mad. His name's been down ever since he was born. He's off ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he won't know himself. He'll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a change, an' he'll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had Alfonso Dumbled--"
"I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!"
yelled Uncle Francisco.
But he had finally gone too far. Villalba seized his umbrella and whirled
it over his head, "NEVER," he thundered, "- INSULT- ALFONSO- DOMINGUEZ- IN- FDIEGOT- OF- ME!"
He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Leonardo -- there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a
sharp squeal, and the next second, Leonardo was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. When he turned his back on them, Roberto saw a curly pig's tail poking through a hole in
his trousers.
Uncle Francisco roared. Pulling Aunt Beatriz and Leonardo into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Villalba and slammed the door behind them.
Villalba looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.
45
"Shouldn'ta lost me temper," he said ruefully, "but it didn't work
anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do."
He cast a sideways look at Roberto under his bushy eyebrows.
"Be grateful if yeh didn't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts," he said. "I'm -- er -- not supposed ter do magic, strictly speakin'. I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an' get yer letters to yeh an' stuff -- one o' the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job
"Why aren't you supposed to do magic?" asked Roberto.
"Oh, well -- I was at Hogwarts meself but I -- er -- got expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half an' everything. But Dominguez let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man, Dominguez." "Why were you expelled?"
"It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said Villalba loudly. "Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an' that."
He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Roberto.
"You can kip under that," he said. "Don' mind if it wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple o' dormice in one o' the pockets."
CHAPTER FIVE DIAGON ALLEY
Roberto woke early the next morning. Although he could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.
"It was a dream, he told himself firmly. "I dreamed a giant called
Villalba came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards. When I open my eyes I'll be at home in my cupboard."
There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.
And there's Aunt Beatriz knocking on the door, Roberto thought, his heart sinking. But he still didn't open his eyes. It had been such a good
46
dream.
Tap. Tap. Tap.
"All right," Roberto mumbled, "I'm getting up."
He sat up and Villalba's heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Villalba himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak.
Roberto scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon
was swelling inside him. He went straight to the window and jerked it
open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Villalba, who didn't wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to
attack Villalba's coat.
"Don't do that."
Roberto tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.
"Villalba!" said Roberto loudly. "There's an owl "Pay him," Villalba grunted into the sofa. "What?"
"He wants payin' fer deliverin' the paper. Look in the pockets." Villalba's coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets -- bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags... finally, Roberto pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.
"Give him five Knuts," said Villalba sleepily. "Knuts?"
"The little bronze ones."
Roberto counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Roberto could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it. Then he flew off through the open window.
47
Villalba yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.
"Best be Off, Roberto, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an' buy all yer stuff fer school."
Roberto was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them. He had just thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture.
"Um -- Villalba?"
"Mm?" said Villalba, who was pulling on his huge boots.
"I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle Francisco last night ... he won't pay for me to go and learn magic."
"Don't worry about that," said Villalba, standing up and scratching his head. "D'yeh think yer parents didn't leave yeh anything?"
"But if their house was destroyed --"
"They didn' keep their gold in the house, boy! Nah, first stop fer us is Gringotts. Wizards' bank. Have a sausage, they're not bad cold -- an' I wouldn' say no teh a bit o' yer birthday cake, neither."
"Wizards have banks?"
"Just the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins."
Roberto dropped the bit of sausage he was holding. "Goblins?"
"Yeah -- so yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, I'll tell yeh that. Never
mess with goblins, Roberto. Gringotts is the safest place in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep safe -- 'cept maybe Hogwarts. As a matter o' fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Fer Dominguez. Hogwarts business." Villalba drew himself up proudly. "He usually gets me ter do important stuff fer him. Fetchin' you gettin' things from Gringotts -- knows he can trust me, see.
"Got everythin'? Come on, then."
48
Roberto followed Villalba out onto the rock. The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. The boat Uncle Francisco had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.
"How did you get here?" Roberto asked, looking around for another boat. "Flew," said Villalba.
"Flew?"
"Yeah -- but we'll go back in this. Not s'pposed ter use magic now I've got yeh."
They settled down in the boat, Roberto still staring at Villalba, trying to imagine him flying.
"Seems a shame ter row, though," said Villalba, giving Roberto another of his sideways looks. "If I was ter -- er -- speed things up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin' it at Hogwarts?"
"Of course not," said Roberto, eager to see more magic. Villalba pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward land.
"Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?" Roberto asked.
"Spells -- enchantments," said Villalba, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke. "They say there's dragons guardin' the highsecurity vaults. And then yeh gotta find yer way -- Gringotts is hundreds of miles under London, see. Deep under the Underground. Yeh'd die of hunger tryin' ter get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat."
Roberto sat and thought about this while Villalba read his newspaper, the Daily Prophet. Roberto had learned from Uncle Francisco that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
had so many questions in his life.
"Ministry o' Magic messin' things up as usual," Villalba muttered, turning the page.
"There's a Ministry of Magic?" Roberto asked, before he could stop himself.
"'Course," said Villalba. "They wanted Dominguez fer Minister, 0 '
49
course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts Dominguez with owls every morning, askin' fer advice."
"But what does a Ministry of Magic do?"
"Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there's still witches an' wizards up an' down the country."
"Why?"
"Why? Blimey, Roberto, everyone'd be wantin' magic solutions to their problems. Nah, we're best left alone."
At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. Villalba folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.
Passersby stared a lot at Villalba as they walked through the little town
to the station. Roberto couldn't blame them. Not only was Villalba twice as tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like parking meters and saying loudly, "See that, Roberto? Things these Muggles dream up, eh?"
"Villalba," said Roberto, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say there are dragons at Gringotts?"
"Well, so they say," said Villalba. "Crikey, I'd like a dragon." "You'd like one?"
"Wanted one ever since I was a kid -- here we go."
They had reached the station. There was a train to London in five minutes' time. Villalba, who didn't understand "Muggle money," as he called it, gave the bills to Roberto so he could buy their tickets.
People stared more than ever on the train. Villalba took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.
"Still got yer letter, Roberto?" he asked as he counted stitches. Roberto took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.
50
"Good," said Villalba. "There's a list there of everything yeh need."
Roberto unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn't noticed the night before, and read:
HOGWARTS SPAULAOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM
First-year students will require:
1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)
2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear
3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)
4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)
Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags COURSE BOOKS
All students should have a copy of each of the following:
The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk
A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot
Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling
A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emetic Switch
One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT
51
wand cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) set glass or crystal phials
telescope set
brass scales
Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad
PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN
BROOMSTICKS
"Can we buy all this in London?" Roberto wondered aloud. "If yeh know where to go," said Villalba.
Roberto had never been to London before. Although Villalba seemed to know where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an ordinary way. He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.
"I don't know how the Muggles manage without magic," he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.
Villalba was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Roberto had to do was keep close behind him. They passed book shops and music stores, hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it could sell you a magic wand. This was just an ordinary street full of ordinary people. Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them? Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks? Might this not all be some huge joke that the Carrizos had cooked up? If Roberto hadn't known that the Carrizos had no sense of humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything Villalba had told him so far was unbelievable, Roberto couldn't help trusting him.
"This is it," said Villalba, coming to a halt, "the Leaky Cauldron. It's a famous place."
It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub. If Villalba hadn't pointed it out,
52
Roberto wouldn't have noticed it was there. The people hurrying by didn't glance at it. Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the record shop on the other as if they couldn't see the Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Roberto had the most peculiar feeling that only he and
Villalba could see it. Before he could mention this, Villalba had steered him inside.
For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was
smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. The
low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know Villalba; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, "The usual, Villalba?"
"Can't, Oscar, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Villalba, clapping his great hand on Roberto's shoulder and making Roberto's knees buckle.
"Good Lord," said the bartender, peering at Roberto, "is this -- can this be --?"
The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.
"Bless my soul," whispered the old bartender, "Roberto Gonzales... what an honor."
He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Roberto and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.
"Welcome back, Mr. Gonzales, welcome back."
Roberto didn't know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out. Villalba was beaming.
Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Roberto found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.
"Doris Crockford, Mr. Gonzales, can't believe I'm meeting you at last." "So proud, Mr. Gonzales, I'm just so proud."
53
"Always wanted to shake your hand -- I'm all of a flutter."
"Delighted, Mr. Gonzales, just can't tell you, Diggle's the name, Dedalus Diggle."
"I've seen you before!" said Roberto, as Dedalus Diggle's top hat fell off in his excitement. "You bowed to me once in a shop."
"He remembers!" cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone. "Did you hear that? He remembers me!" Roberto shook hands again and again -- Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.
A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes was twitching.
"Professor Quirrell!" said Villalba. "Roberto, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts."
"P-P-Gonzales," stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Roberto's hand, "c-can't t-tell you how p- pleased I am to meet you."
"What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?"
"D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts," muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he'd rather not think about it. "N-not that you n-need it, eh, P-P-Gonzales?" He laughed nervously. "You'll be g-getting all your equipment, I suppose? I've g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampires, m-myself." He looked terrified at the very thought.
But the others wouldn't let Professor Quirrell keep Roberto to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last, Villalba managed to make himself heard over the babble.
"Must get on -- lots ter buy. Come on, Roberto."
Doris Crockford shook Roberto's hand one last time, and Villalba led them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.
Villalba grinned at Roberto.
"Told yeh, didn't I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell
54
was tremblin' ter meet yeh -- mind you, he's usually tremblin'." "Is he always that nervous?"
"Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine while he was
studyin' outta books but then he took a year off ter get some firsthand experience.... They say he met vampires in the Martinez Forest, and there was a nasty bit o' trouble with a hag -- never been the same since. Scared of the students, scared of his own subject now, where's me umbrella?"
Vampires? Hags? Roberto's head was swimming. Villalba, meanwhile, was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.
"Three up... two across he muttered. "Right, stand back, Roberto." He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.
The brick he had touched quivered -- it wriggled -- in the middle, a
small hole appeared -- it grew wider and wider -- a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Villalba, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.
"Welcome," said Villalba, "to Diagon Alley."
He grinned at Roberto's amazement. They stepped through the archway. Roberto looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly
back into solid wall.
The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop. Cauldrons -- All Sizes - Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver -- Self-Stirring
-- Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.
"Yeah, you'll be needin' one," said Villalba, "but we gotta get yer money first."
Roberto wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned his head in every direction as they walked up the street, trying to look at everything at
once: the shops, the things outside them, the people doing their
shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed, saying, "Dragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, they're mad...."
55
A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium -- Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boys of about Roberto's age had their noses pressed against a window with broomsticks in it. "Look," Roberto heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Roberto had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
bottles, globes of the moon.... "Gringotts," said Villalba.
They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops. Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was -
"Yeah, that's a goblin," said Villalba quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him. The goblin was about a head shorter than Roberto. He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Roberto noticed, very long fingers and feet. He bowed as they walked inside. Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:
Enter, stranger, but take heed
Of what awaits the sin of greed,
For those who take, but do not earn,
Must pay most dearly in their turn.
So if you seek beneath our floors
A treasure that was never yours,
Thief, you have been warned, beware
Of finding more than treasure there.
"Like I said, Yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it," said Villalba.
A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a
56
vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing
coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses. There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of these. Villalba and Roberto made for the counter.
"Morning," said Villalba to a free goblin. "We've come ter take some money outta Mr. Roberto Gonzales's safe."
"You have his key, Sir?"
"Got it here somewhere," said Villalba, and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblin's book of numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Roberto watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.
"Got it," said Villalba at last, holding up a tiny golden key. The goblin looked at it closely.
"That seems to be in order."
"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dominguez," said Villalba importantly, throwing out his chest. "It's about the YouKnow-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen."
The goblin read the letter carefully.
"Very well," he said, handing it back to Villalba, "I will have Someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook!"
Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Villalba had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Roberto followed Griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall.
"What's the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?" Roberto asked.
"Can't tell yeh that," said Villalba mysteriously. "Very secret. Hogwarts business. Dominguez's trusted me. More'n my job's worth ter tell yeh that."
57
Griphook held the door open for them. Roberto, who had expected more marble, was surprised. They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward them. They climbed in -- Villalba with some difficulty -- and were off.
At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages. Roberto tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left,
but it was impossible. The rattling cart seemed to know its own way, because Griphook wasn't steering.
Roberto's eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them wide open. Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late - - they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.
I never know," Roberto called to Villalba over the noise of the cart, "what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?"
"Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said Villalba. "An' don' ask me questions just now, I think I'm gonna be sick."
He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small door in the passage wall, Villalba got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his knees from trembling.
Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and as it cleared, Roberto gasped. Inside were mounds of gold coins. Columns
of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts.
"All yours," smiled Villalba.
All Roberto's -- it was incredible. The Carrizos couldn't have known about this or they'd have had it from him faster than blinking. How often had
they complained how much Roberto cost them to keep? And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.
Villalba helped Roberto pile some of it into a bag.
"The gold ones are Galleons," he explained. "Seventeen silver Sickles to
58
a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, it's easy enough. Right,
that should be enough fer a couple o' terms, we'll keep the rest safe
for yeh." He turned to Griphook. "Vault seven hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go more slowly?"
"One speed only," said Griphook.
They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air became colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners. They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Roberto leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Villalba groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.
Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.
"Stand back," said Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.
"If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they'd be sucked through the door and trapped in there," said Griphook.
"How often do you check to see if anyone's inside?" Roberto asked. "About once every ten years," said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.
Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Roberto was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least -- but at first he thought it was empty. Then
he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor. Villalba picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat. Roberto longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.
"Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to me on the way back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said Villalba.
One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts. Roberto didn't know where to run first now that he had a bag
full of money. He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole life -- more money than even Leonardo had ever had.
"Might as well get yer uniform," said Villalba, nodding toward Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. "Listen, Roberto, would yeh mind if I
59
slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them Gringotts carts." He did still look a bit sick, so Roberto entered Madam Malkin's shop alone, feeling nervous.
Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.
"Hogwarts, clear?" she said, when Roberto started to speak. "Got the lot here -- another young man being fitted up just now, in fact. "
In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes. Madam Malkin stood Roberto on a stool next to him) slipped a long robe over his head, and began to pin it to the right length.
"Hello," said the boy, "Hogwarts, too?" "Yes," said Roberto.
"My father's next door buying my books and mother's up the street looking at wands," said the boy. He had a bored, drawling voice. "Then I'm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms. I don't see why first years can't have their own. I think I'll bully father into getting
me one and I'll smuggle it in somehow."
Roberto was strongly reminded of Leonardo.
"Have you got your own broom?" the boy went on.
"No," said Roberto.
"Play Quidditch at all?"
"No," Roberto said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.
"I do -- Father says it's a crime if I'm not picked to play for my house, and I must say, I agree. Know what house you'll be in yet?"
"No," said Roberto, feeling more stupid by the minute.
"Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know
I'll be in Slytherin, all our family have been -- imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" "Mmm," said Roberto, wishing he could say something a bit more interesting.
60
"I say, look at that man!" said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window. Villalba was standing there, grinning at Roberto and pointing at two large ice creams to show he couldn't come in.
"That's Villalba," said Roberto, pleased to know something the boy didn't. "He works at Hogwarts."
"Oh," said the boy, "I've heard of him. He's a sort of servant, isn't he?"
"He's the gamekeeper," said Roberto. He was liking the boy less and less every second.
"Yes, exactly. I heard he's a sort of savage -- lives in a hut on the
school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magic, and ends up setting fire to his bed."
"I think he's brilliant," said Roberto coldly.
"Do you?" said the boy, with a slight sneer. "Why is he with you? Where are your parents?"
"They're dead," said Roberto shortly. He didn't feel much like going into the matter with this boy.
"Oh, sorry," said the other,. not sounding sorry at all. "But they were our kind, weren't they?"
"They were a witch and wizard, if that's what you mean."
"I really don't think they should let the other sort in, do you? They're
just not the same, they've never been brought up to know our ways. Some of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter, imagine. I think they should keep it in the old wizarding families.
What's your surname, anyway?"
But before Roberto could answer, Madam Malkin said, "That's you done, my dear," and Roberto, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.
"Well, I'll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose," said the drawling boy.
61
Roberto was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Villalba had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).
"What's up?" said Villalba.
"Nothing," Roberto lied. They stopped to buy parchment and quills. Roberto cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote. When they had left the shop, he said, "Villalba, what's Quidditch?"
"Blimey, Roberto, I keep forgettin' how little yeh know -- not knowin' about Quidditch!"
"Don't make me feel worse," said Roberto. He told Villalba about the pate boy in Madam Malkin's.
"--and he said people from Muggle families shouldn't even be allowed in."
"Yer not from a Muggle family. If he'd known who yeh were -- he's grown up knowin' yer name if his parents are wizardin' folk. You saw what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh. Anyway, what does he know about it, some o' the best I ever saw were the only ones
with magic in 'em in a long line 0' Muggles -- look at yer mum! Look what she had fer a sister!"
"So what is Quidditch?"
"It's our sport. Wizard sport. It's like -- like soccer in the Muggle world -- everyone follows Quidditch -- played up in the air on broomsticks and there's four balls -- sorta hard ter explain the rules." "And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?"
"School houses. There's four. Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o' duffers, but --"
"I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Roberto gloomily.
"Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin," said Villalba darkly. "There's not a single witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin. You-Know-Who was one."
"Vol-, sorry - You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?"
62
"Years an' years ago," said Villalba.
They bought Roberto's school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in
covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all. Even Leonardo, who never read anything, would have been wild to get his hands on some of these. Villalba almost had to drag Roberto away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs, Tongue- Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
"I was trying to find out how to curse Leonardo."
"I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances," said Villalba. "An' anyway, yeh couldn' work any of them curses yet, yeh'll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level."
Villalba wouldn't let Roberto buy a solid gold cauldron, either ("It says pewter on yer list"), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing
potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope. Then they visited
the Apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make up for its horrible smell, a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined
the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling. While Villalba asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Roberto, Roberto himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).
Outside the Apothecary, Villalba checked Roberto's list again.
"Just yer wand left - A yeah, an' I still haven't got yeh a birthday present."
Roberto felt himself go red. "You don't have to --"
"I know I don't have to. Tell yeh what, I'll get yer animal. Not a toad, toads went outta fashion years ago, yeh'd be laughed at - an' I don' like cats, they make me sneeze. I'll get yer an owl. All the kids want
63
owls, they're dead useful, carry yer mail an' everythin'."
Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes. Roberto now carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with
her head under her wing. He couldn't stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell.
"Don' mention it," said Villalba gruffly. "Don' expect you've had a lotta presents from them Carrizos. Just Ollivanders left now - only place fer wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand."
A magic wand... this was what Roberto had been really looking forward to.
The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C. A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.
A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside. It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair
that Villalba sat on to wait. Roberto felt strangely as though he had
entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling. For some reason, the back of his neck prickled. The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle with some secret magic.
"Good afternoon," said a soft voice. Roberto jumped. Villalba must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.
An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop.
"Hello," said Roberto awkwardly.
"Ah yes," said the man. "Yes, yes. I thought I'd be seeing you soon. Roberto Gonzales." It wasn't a question. "You have your mother's eyes. It seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand. Ten and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow. Nice wand for charm work."
Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Roberto. Roberto wished he would blink. Those
64
silvery eyes were a bit creepy.
"Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand. Eleven inches. Pliable. A little more power and excellent for transfiguration. Well, I
say your father favored it -- it's really the wand that chooses the
wizard, of course."
Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Roberto were almost nose to nose. Roberto could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.
"And that's where..."
Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Roberto's forehead with a long, white finger.
"I'm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it," he said softly. "Thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands... well, if I'd known what that wand was going out into the world to do...."
He shook his head and then, to Roberto's relief, spotted Villalba.
"Matias! Matias Villalba! How nice to see you again.... Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?"
"It was, sir, yes," said Villalba.
"Good wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?" said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.
"Er -- yes, they did, yes," said Villalba, shuffling his feet. "I've still got the pieces, though," he added brightly.
"But you don't use them?" said Mr. Ollivander sharply.
"Oh, no, sit," said Villalba quickly. Roberto noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.
"Hmmm," said Mr. Ollivander, giving Villalba a piercing look. "Well, now -- Mr. Gonzales. Let me see." He pulled a long tape measure with silver markings out of his pocket. "Which is your wand arm?"
"Er -- well, I'm right-handed," said Roberto.
65
"Hold out your arm. That's it." He measured Roberto from shoulder to finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round his head. As he measured, he said, "Every Ollivander wand has a core of a powerful magical substance, Mr. Gonzales. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same. And of course, you will never get such good results with another wizard's wand."
Roberto suddenly realized that the tape measure, which was measuring between his nostrils, was doing this on its own. Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.
"That will do," he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor. "Right then, Mr. Gonzales. Try this one. Beechwood and dragon heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. just take it and give it a wave."
Roberto took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.
"Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite whippy. Try --"
Roberto tried -- but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.
"No, no -here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy. Go on, go on, try it out."
Roberto tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. Ollivander was waiting for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.
"Tricky customer, eh? Not to worry, we'll find the perfect match here somewhere -- I wonder, now - - yes, why not -- unusual combination -- holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple."
Roberto took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Villalba whooped and
66
clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, "Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, well... how curious... how very curious... "
He put Roberto's wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper, still muttering, "Curious... curious..
"Sorry," said Roberto, "but what's curious?"
Mr. Ollivander fixed Roberto with his pale stare.
"I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Gonzales. Every single wand. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another feather -- just one other. It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother why, its brother gave you that scar."
Roberto swallowed.
"Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these things happen. The wand chooses the wizard, remember.... I think we must expect great things from you, Mr. Gonzales.... After all, He- Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things -- terrible, yes, but great."
Roberto shivered. He wasn't sure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his shop.
The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Roberto and Villalba made their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through the Leaky Cauldron, now empty. Roberto didn't speak at all as they walked down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Roberto's lap. Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; Roberto only realized
where they were when Villalba tapped him on the shoulder.
"Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves," he said.
He bought Roberto a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat them. Roberto kept looking around. Everything looked so strange, somehow.
"You all right, Roberto? Yer very quiet," said Villalba.
67
Roberto wasn't sure he could explain. He'd just had the best birthday of his life -- and yet -- he chewed his hamburger, trying to find the words.
"Everyone thinks I'm special," he said at last. "All those people in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander... but I don't know anything about magic at all. How can they expect great things? I'm famous and I can't even remember what I'm famous for. I don't know what happened when Vol-, sorry -- I mean, the night my parents died."
Villalba leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile.
"Don' you worry, Roberto. You'll learn fast enough. Everyone starts at the beginning at Hogwarts, you'll be just fine. just be yerself. I know it's hard. Yeh've been singled out, an' that's always hard. But yeh'll have a great time at Hogwarts -- I did -- still do, 'smatter of fact."
Villalba helped Roberto on to the train that would take him back to the Carrizos, then handed him an envelope.
"Yer ticket fer Hogwarts, " he said. "First o' September -- King's Cross -- it's all on yer ticket. Any problems with the Carrizos, send me a letter with yer owl, she'll know where to find me.... See yeh soon, Roberto."
The train pulled out of the station. Roberto wanted to watch Villalba until he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the window, but he blinked and Villalba had gone.
CHAPTER SIX
THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS
Roberto's last month with the Carrizos wasn't fun. True, Leonardo was now so scared of Roberto he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Beatriz and Uncle Francisco didn't shut Roberto in his cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.
Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Roberto
in it were empty. Although this was an improvement in many ways, it did become a bit depressing after a while.
68
Roberto kept to his room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to call her Hedwig, a name he had found in A History of Magic. His school books were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late into the
night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It was lucky that Aunt Beatriz didn't come in to vacuum anymore, because Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to sleep, Roberto ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned
to the wall, counting down to September the first.
On the last day of August he thought he'd better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to King's Cross station the next day, so he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and Leonardo screamed and ran from the room.
"Er -- Uncle Francisco?"
Uncle Francisco grunted to show he was listening.
"Er -- I need to be at King's Cross tomorrow to -- to go to Hogwarts."
Uncle Francisco grunted again.
"Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?"
Grunt. Roberto supposed that meant yes.
"Thank you."
He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Francisco actually spoke.
"Funny way to get to a wizards' school, the train. Magic carpets all got punctures, have they?"
Roberto didn't say anything. "Where is this school, anyway?"
"I don't know," said Roberto, realizing this for the first time. He pulled the ticket Villalba had given him out of his pocket.
"I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven o'clock," he read.
69
His aunt and uncle stared.
"Platform what?"
"Nine and three-quarters."
"Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle Francisco. "There is no platform nine and three-quarters."
"It's on my ticket."
"Barking," said Uncle Francisco, "howling mad, the lot of them. You'll see. You just wait. All right, we'll take you to King's Cross. We're going up to London tomorrow anyway, or I wouldn't bother."
"Why are you going to London?" Roberto asked, trying to keep things friendly.
"Taking Leonardo to the hospital," growled Uncle Francisco. "Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings."
Roberto woke at five o'clock the next morning and was too excited and nervous to go back to sleep. He got up and pulled on his jeans because he didn't want to walk into the station in his wizard's robes -- he'd change on the train. He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure he had everything he needed, saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Carrizos to get up. Two hours later, Roberto's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the Carrizos' car, Aunt Beatriz had talked Leonardo into sitting next to
Roberto, and they had set off.
They reached King's Cross at half past ten. Uncle Francisco dumped Roberto's trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Roberto thought this was strangely kind until Uncle Francisco stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face.
"Well, there you are, boy. Platform nine -- platform ten. Your platform should be somewhere in the middle, but they don't seem to have built it yet, do they?"
He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and
70
in the middle, nothing at all.
"Have a good term," said Uncle Francisco with an even nastier smile. He left without another word. Roberto turned and saw the Carrizos drive away. All three of them were laughing. Roberto's mouth went rather dry. What on earth was he going to do? He was starting to attract a lot of funny
looks, because of Hedwig. He'd have to ask someone.
He stopped a passing guard, but didn't dare mention platform nine and three-quarters. The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Roberto couldn't even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to get annoyed, as though Roberto was being stupid on purpose. Getting desperate, Roberto asked for the train that left at eleven o'clock, but
the guard said there wasn't one. In the end the guard strode away, muttering about time wasters. Roberto was now trying hard not to panic. According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly
lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.
Villalba must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector's stand between platforms nine and ten.
At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.
"-- packed with Muggles, of course --"
Roberto swung round. The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair. Each of them was pushing a trunk like
Roberto's in front of him -- and they had an owl.
Heart hammering, Roberto pushed his cart after them. They stopped and so did he, just near enough to hear what they were saying.
"Now, what's the platform number?" said the boys' mother.
"Nine and three-quarters!" piped a small girl, also red-headed, who was holding her hand, "Mom, can't I go... "
"You're not old enough, Martina, now be quiet. All right, Miguel, you go
71
first."
What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and ten. Roberto watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it -- but just as
the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.
"Pablo, you next," the plump woman said.
"I'm not Pablo, I'm Luis," said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother? CarA you tell I'm Luis?"
"Sorry, Luis, dear."
"Only joking, I am Pablo," said the boy, and off he went. His twin called after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later, he had gone -- but how had he done it?
Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier he was almost there -- and then, quite suddenly, he wasn't anywhere.
There was nothing else for it.
"Excuse me," Roberto said to the plump woman.
"Hello, dear," she said. "First time at Hogwarts? Diego's new, too."
She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall, thin, and gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose.
"Yes," said Roberto. "The thing is -- the thing is, I don't know how to --"
"How to get onto the platform?" she said kindly, and Roberto nodded.
"Not to worry," she said. "All you have to do is walk straight at the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Don't stop and don't be scared you'll crash into it, that's very important. Best do it at a bit of a
run if you're nervous. Go on, go now before Diego."
"Er -- okay," said Roberto.
72
He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. It looked very solid.
He started to walk toward it. People jostled him on their way to
platforms nine and ten. Roberto walked more quickly. He was going to smash right into that barrier and then he'd be in trouble -- leaning forward
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run -- the barrier was coming nearer
and nearer -- he wouldn't be able to stop -- the cart was out of control
-- he was a foot away -- he closed his eyes ready for the crash --
It didn't come... he kept on running... he opened his eyes. A scarlet
steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people. A sign overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven O'clock. Roberto looked behind him and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.
Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs. Owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks.
The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats. Roberto pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat. He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, "Gran, I've lost my toad again."
"Oh, Mauricio," he heard the old woman sigh.
A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.
"Give us a look, Lee, go on."
The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.
Roberto pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train. He put Hedwig inside first and then started
to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift it
up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice he dropped it painfully on his foot.
"Want a hand?" It was one of the red-haired twins he'd followed through
73
the barrier.
"Yes, please," Roberto panted.
"Oy, Pablo! C'mere and help!"
With the twins' help, Roberto's trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment.
"Thanks," said Roberto, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.
"What's that?" said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Roberto's lightning scar.
"Blimey," said the other twin. "Are you
"He is," said the first twin. "Aren't you?" he added to Roberto.
"What?" said Roberto.
"Roberto Gonzales, "chorused the twins.
"Oh, him," said Roberto. "I mean, yes, I am."
The two boys gawked at him, and Roberto felt himself turning red. Then, to his relief, a voice came floating in through the train's open door.
"Pablo? Luis? Are you there?"
"Coming, Mom."
With a last look at Roberto, the twins hopped off the train.
Roberto sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying. Their mother had just taken out her handkerchief.
"Diego, you've got something on your nose."
The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose.
"Mom -- geroff" He wriggled free.
74
"Aaah, has ickle Diegonie got somefink on his nosie?" said one of the twins.
"Shut up," said Diego.
"Where's Miguel?" said their mother. "He's coming now."
The oldest boy came striding into sight. He had already changed into his billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Roberto noticed a shiny silver badge on his chest with the letter P on it.
"Can't stay long, Mother," he said. "I'm up front, the prefects have got two compartments to themselves --"
"Oh, are you a prefect, Miguel?" said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise. "You should have said something, we had no idea."
"Hang on, I think I remember him saying something about it," said the other twin. "Once --"
"Or twice --"
"A minute --"
"All summer --"
"Oh, shut up," said Miguel the Prefect.
"How come Miguel gets new robes, anyway?" said one of the twins.
"Because he's a prefect," said their mother fondly. "All right, dear, well, have a good term -- send me an owl when you get there."
She kissed Miguel on the cheek and he left. Then she turned to the twins.
"Now, you two -- this year, you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl telling me you've -- you've blown up a toilet or --"
"Blown up a toilet? We've never blown up a toilet."
75
"Great idea though, thanks, Mom."
"It's not funny. And look after Diego."
"Don't worry, ickle Diegoniekins is safe with us."
"Shut up," said Diego again. He was almost as tall as the twins already and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it.
"Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just met on the train?" Roberto leaned back quickly so they couldn't see him looking.
"You know that black-haired boy who was near us in the station? Know who he is?"
"Who?"
"Roberto Gonzales!"
Roberto heard the little girl's voice.
"Oh, Mom, can I go on the train and see him, Mom, eh please...."
"You've already seen him, Martina, and the poor boy isn't something you goggle at in a zoo. Is he really, Pablo? How do you know?"
"Asked him. Saw his scar. It's really there - like lightning."
"Poor dear - no wonder he was alone, I wondered. He was ever so polite when he asked how to get onto the platform."
"Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks like?"
Their mother suddenly became very stern.
"I forbid you to ask him, Pablo. No, don't you dare. As though he needs reminding of that on his first day at school."
"All right, keep your hair on." A whistle sounded.
76
"Hurry up!" their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the train. They leaned out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye, and their younger sister began to cry.
"Don't, Martina, we'll send you loads of owls." "We'll send you a Hogwarts toilet seat." "Luis!"
"Only joking, Mom."
The train began to move. Roberto saw the boys' mother waving and their sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.
Roberto watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner. Houses flashed past the window. Roberto felt a great leap of excitement. He didn't know what he was going to but it had to be better than what he was leaving behind.
The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy came in.
"Anyone sitting there?" he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Roberto. "Everywhere else is full."
Roberto shook his head and the boy sat down. He glanced at Roberto and then looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadn't looked. Roberto saw he still had a black mark on his nose.
"Hey, Diego."
The twins were back.
"Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's got a giant tarantula down there."
"Right," mumbled Diego.
"Roberto," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves? Pablo and Luis Lopez. And this is Diego, our brother. See you later, then.
77
"Bye," said Roberto and Diego. The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.
"Are you really Roberto Gonzales?" Diego blurted out. Roberto nodded.
"Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Pablo and Luis's jokes," said Diego. "And have you really got -- you know..."
He pointed at Roberto's forehead.
Roberto pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar. Diego stared. "So that's where You-Know-Who
"Yes," said Roberto, "but I can't remember it."
"Nothing?" said Diego eagerly.
"Well -- I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else."
"Wow," said Diego. He sat and stared at Roberto for a few moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out of the window again.
"Are all your family wizards?" asked Roberto, who found Diego just as interesting as Diego found him.
"Er -- Yes, I think so," said Diego. "I think Mom's got a second cousin who's an accountant, but we never talk about him."
"So you must know loads of magic already."
The Lopezs were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.
"I heard you went to live with Muggles," said Diego. "What are they like?"
"Horrible -well, not all of them. My aunt and uncle and cousin are, though. Wish I'd had three wizard brothers."
78
"Five," said Diego. For some reason, he was looking gloomy. "I'm the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say I've got a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left -- Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Miguel's a prefect. Pablo and Luis mess around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks they're really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the others,
but if I do, it's no big deal, because they did it first. You never get anything new, either, with five brothers. I've got Bill's old robes, Charlie's old wand, and Miguel's old rat."
Diego reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep.
"His name's Scabbers and he's useless, he hardly ever wakes up. Miguel got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn't aff -- I mean, I got Scabbers instead."
Diego's ears went pink. He seemed to think he'd said too much, because he went back to staring out of the window.
Roberto didn't think there was anything wrong with not being able to afford an owl. After all, he'd never had any money in his life until a month ago, and he told Diego so, all about having to wear Leonardo's old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer Diego up.
"... and until Villalba told me, I didn't know anything about be ing a wizard or about my parents or Salvador"
Diego gasped. "What?" said Roberto.
"You said You-Know-Who's name!" said Diego, sounding both shocked and impressed. "I'd have thought you, of all people --"
"I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name," said Roberto, I just never knew you shouldn't. See what I mean? I've got loads to learn.... I bet," he added, voicing for the first time something that
had been worrying him a lot lately, "I bet I'm the worst in the class."
"You won't be. There's loads of people who come from Muggle families and they learn quick enough."
79
While they had been talking, the train had carried them out of London. Now they were speeding past fields full of cows and sheep. They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.
Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, "Anything off the cart, dears?"
Roberto, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Diego's ears
went pink again and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches. Roberto went out into the corridor.
He had never had any money for candy with the Carrizos, and now that he had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many
Mars Bars as he could carry -- but the woman didn't have Mars Bars. What she did have were Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, Drooble's Best
Blowing Gum, Paulacolate Frogs. Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice Wands, and a number of other strange things Roberto had never seen in his life. Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid
the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.
Diego stared as Roberto brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.
"Hungry, are you?"
"Starving," said Roberto, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.
Diego had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it. There were four sandwiches inside. He pulled one of them apart and said, "She always forgets I don't like corned beef."
"Swap you for one of these," said Roberto, holding up a pasty. "Go on --"
"You don't want this, it's all dry," said Diego. "She hasn't got much time," he added quickly, "you know, with five of us."
"Go on, have a pasty," said Roberto, who had never had anything to share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling,
sitting there with Diego, eating their way through all Roberto's pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).
80
"What are these?" Roberto asked Diego, holding up a pack of Paulacolate Frogs. "They're not really frogs, are they?" He was starting to feel that
nothing would surprise him.
"No," said Diego. "But see what the card is. I'm missing Agrippa."
"What?"
"Oh, of course, you wouldn't know -- Paulacolate Frogs have cards, inside them, you know, to collect -- famous witches and wizards. I've got about five hundred, but I haven't got Agrippa or Ptolemy."
Roberto unwrapped his Paulacolate Frog and picked up the card. It showed a man's face. He wore half- moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture was the name Alfonso Dominguez.
"So this is Dominguez!" said Roberto.
"Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dominguez!" said Diego. "Can I have a frog? I might get Agrippa -- thanks
Roberto turned over his card and read:
ALFONSO DOMINGUEZ
CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS
Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dominguez is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Guzman in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dominguez enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.
Roberto turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that Dominguez's face had disappeared.
"He's gone!"
"Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," said Diego. "He'll be back. No, I've got Morgana again and I've got about six of her... do you want it? You can start collecting."
81
Diego's eyes strayed to the pile of Paulacolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.
"Help yourself," said Roberto. "But in, you know, the Muggle world, people just stay put in photos."
"Do they? What, they don't move at all?" Diego sounded amazed. "weird!"
Roberto stared as Dominguez sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile. Diego was more interested in eating the frogs than looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Roberto couldn't keep his eyes off them. Soon he had not only Dominguez and Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin. He finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, who was scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.
"You want to be careful with those," Diego warned Roberto. "When they say every flavor, they mean every flavor -- you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and mar- malade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. Luis reckons he had a booger- flavored one once."
Diego picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a corner.
"Bleaaargh -- see? Sprouts."
They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Roberto got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Diego wouldn't touch, which turned out to be pepper.
The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder. The neat fields had gone. Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills.
There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy Roberto had passed on platform nine and threequarters came in. He looked tearful.
"Sorry," he said, "but have you seen a toad at all?"
When they shook their heads, he wailed, "I've lost him! He keeps getting
82
away from me!"
"He'll turn up," said Roberto.
"Yes," said the boy miserably. "Well, if you see him..." He left.
"Don't know why he's so bothered," said Diego. "If I'd brought a toad I'd lose it as quick as I could. Mind you, I brought Scabbers, so I can't talk."
The rat was still snoozing on Diego's lap.
"He might have died and you wouldn't know the difference," said Diego in disgust. "I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting, but the spell didn't work. I'll show you, look..."
He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking wand. It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the end.
"Unicorn hair's nearly poking out. Anyway
He had just raised his 'wand when the compartment door slid open again. The toadless boy was back, but this time he had a girl with him. She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.
"Has anyone seen a toad? Mauricio's lost one," she said. She had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.
"We've already told him we haven't seen it," said Diego, but the girl wasn't listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.
"Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see it, then." She sat down. Diego looked taken aback.
"Er -- all right."
He cleared his throat.
"Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow."
83
He waved his wand, but nothing happened. Scabbers stayed gray and fast asleep.
"Are you sure that's a real spell?" said the girl. "Well, it's not very good, is it? I've tried a few simple spells just for practice and it's
all worked for me. Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
will be enough -- I'm Carolina Fernandez, by the way, who are you.
She said all this very fast.
Roberto looked at Diego, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.
"I'm Diego Lopez," Diego muttered. "Roberto Gonzales," said Roberto.
"Are you really?" said Carolina. "I know all about you, of course -- I got a few extra books. for background reading, and you're in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.
"Am I?" said Roberto, feeling dazed.
"Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I could if it was me," said Carolina. "Do either of you know what house you'll be in? I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far
the best; I hear Dominguez himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad.... Anyway, we'd better go and look for Mauricio's toad. You two had better change, you know, I expect we'll be there
soon."
And she left, taking the toadless boy with her.
"Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in it," said Diego. He threw his wand back into his trunk. "Stupid spell -- Luis gave it to me, bet he knew it was a dud."
"What house are your brothers in?" asked Roberto.
84
"Gryffindor," said Diego. Gloom seemed to be settling on him again. "Mom and Dad were in it, too. I don't know what they'll say if I'm not. I
don't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in Slytherin."
"That's the house Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who was in?"
"Yeah," said Diego. He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed.
"You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit lighter," said Roberto, trying to take Diego's mind off houses. "So what do your oldest brothers do now that they've left, anyway?"
Roberto was wondering what a wizard did once he'd finished school.
"Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing something for Gringotts," said Diego. "Did you hear about
Gringotts? It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't suppose you get that with the Muggles -- someone tried to rob a high security vault."
Roberto stared.
"Really? What happened to them?"
"Nothing, that's why it's such big news. They haven't been caught. My dad says it must've been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts, but they don't think they took anything, that's what's odd. 'Course, everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case You-Know-Who's behind it."
Roberto turned this news over in his mind. He was starting to get a
prickle of fear every time You- Know-Who was mentioned. He supposed this was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more comfortable saying "Salvador" without worrying.
"What's your Quidditch team?" Diego asked.
"Er -- I don't know any," Roberto confessed.
"What!" Diego looked dumbfounded. "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the
85
world --" And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had the money. He was just taking Roberto through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Mauricio the toadless boy, or Carolina Fernandez this time.
Three boys entered, and Roberto recognized the middle one at once: it was
the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop. He was looking at Roberto with a lot more interest than he'd shown back in Diagon Alley.
"Is it true?" he said. "They're saying all down the train that Roberto Gonzales's in this compartment. So it's you, is it?"
"Yes," said Roberto. He was looking at the other boys. Both of them were thickset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards.
"Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly,
noticing where Roberto was looking. "And my name's Sosa, Javier Sosa."
Diego gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget. Javier Sosa looked at him.
"Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Lopezs have red hair, freckles, and more children than they can afford."
He turned back to Roberto. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Gonzales. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there."
He held out his hand to shake Roberto's, but Roberto didn't take it.
"I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks," he said coolly.
Javier Sosa didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks.
"I'd be careful if I were you, Gonzales," he said slowly. "Unless you're a bit politer you'll go the same way as your parents. They didn't know what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the
86
Lopezs and that Villalba, and it'll rub off on you."
Both Roberto and Diego stood up.
"Say that again," Diego said, his face as red as his hair.
"Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?" Sosa sneered.
"Unless you get out now," said Roberto, more bravely than he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Diego.
"But we don't feet like leaving, do we, boys? We've eaten all our food and you still seem to have some."
Goyle reached toward the Paulacolate Frogs next to Diego - Diego leapt forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.
Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk
deep into Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Sosa backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbets finally flew off
and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once. Perhaps they thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd heard footsteps, because a second later, Carolina Fernandez had come in.
"What has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and Diego picking up Scabbers by his tail.
I think he's been knocked out," Diego said to Roberto. He looked closer at Scabbers. "No -- I don't believe it -- he's gone back to sleep-"
And so he had.
"You've met Sosa before?"
Roberto explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.
"I've heard of his family," said Diego darkly. "They were some of the first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappeared. Said they'd been bewitched. My dad doesn't believe it. He says Sosa's father didn't need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side." He turned to Carolina. "Can we help you with something?"
87
"You'd better hurry up and put your robes on, I've just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he says we're nearly there. You haven't been fighting, have you? You'll be in trouble before we even get there!"
"Scabbers has been fighting, not us," said Diego, scowling at her. "Would you mind leaving while we change?"
"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Carolina in a sniffy voice. "And you've got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you know?"
Diego glared at her as she left. Roberto peered out of the window. It was getting dark. He could see mountains and forests under a deep purple sky. The train did seem to be slowing down.
He and Diego took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes. Diego's were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath them.
A voice echoed through the train: "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes' time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken
to the school separately."
Roberto's stomach lurched with nerves and Diego, he saw, looked pale under his freckles. They crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets and joined the crowd thronging the corridor.
The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Roberto shivered in
the cold night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the students, and Roberto heard a familiar voice: "Firs' years! Firs' years
over here! All right there, Roberto?"
Villalba's big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.
"C'mon, follow me -- any more firs' years? Mind yer step, now! Firs' years follow me!"
Slipping and stumbling, they followed Villalba down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path. It was so dark on either side of them that Roberto thought there must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke much. Mauricio, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.
88
"Ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Villalba called over his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here."
There was a loud "Oooooh!"
The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black take. Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.
"No more'n four to a boat!" Villalba called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. Roberto and Diego were followed
into their boat by Mauricio and Carolina. "Everyone in?" shouted Villalba, who had a boat to himself. "Right then -- FORWARD!"
And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent, staring up at the great castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.
"Heads down!" yelled Villalba as the first boats reached the cliff; they
all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain
of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried
along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.
"Oy, you there! Is this your toad?" said Villalba, who was checking the boats as people climbed out of them.
"Trevor!" cried Mauricio blissfully, holding out his hands. Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after Villalba's lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.
They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, Oak front door.
"Everyone here? You there, still got yer toad?"
Villalba raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.
89
CHAPTER SEVEN THE SORTING HAT
The door swung open at once. A tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green robes stood there. She had a very stern face and Roberto's first thought
was that this was not someone to cross.
"The firs' years, Professor Romero," said Villalba. "Thank you, Villalba. I will take them from here."
She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so big you could have fit the whole of the Carrizos' house in it. The stone walls were lit
with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to the upper floors.
They followed Professor Romero across the flagged stone floor. Roberto could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right -the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor Romero showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. They crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have done, peering about nervously.
"Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor Romero. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room.
"The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours.
"The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as
90
you can while you are waiting."
Her eyes lingered for a moment on Mauricio's cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Diego's smudged nose. Roberto nervously tried to flatten his hair.
"I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor Romero. "Please wait quietly."
She left the chamber. Roberto swallowed.
"How exactly do they sort us into houses?" he asked Diego.
"Some sort of test, I think. Pablo said it hurts a lot, but I think he was joking."
Roberto's heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of the whole
school? But he didn't know any magic yet -- what on earth would he have
to do? He hadn't expected something like this the moment they arrived.
He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified,
too. No one was talking much except Carolina Fernandez, who was whispering very fast about all the spells she'd learned and wondering which one
she'd need. Roberto tried hard not to listen to her. He'd never been more nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to
the Carrizos saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue. He
kept his eyes fixed on the door. Any second now, Professor Romero would come back and lead him to his doom.
Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air -- several people behind him screamed.
"What the --?"
He gasped. So did the people around him. About twenty ghosts had just streamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and slightly transparent, they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the first years. They seemed to be arguing. What looked like a fat little monk was saying: "Forgive and forget, I say, we ought to give him a second chance --"
"My dear Friar, haven't we given Peeves all the chances he deserves? He gives us all a bad name and you know, he's not really even a ghost -- I say, what are you all doing here?"
91
A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years. Nobody answered.
"New students!" said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them. "About to be Sorted, I suppose?"
A few people nodded mutely.
"Hope to see you in Hufflepuff!" said the Friar. "My old house, you know."
"Move along now," said a sharp voice. "The Sorting Ceremony's about to start."
Professor Romero had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.
"Now, form a line," Professor Romero told the first years, "and follow me."
Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Roberto got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Diego behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.
Roberto had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place. It was lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in midair over four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting.
These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting. Professor Romero led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them. The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the flickering candlelight. Dotted here and there among the students, the ghosts shone misty silver. Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Roberto looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. He heard
Carolina whisper, "Its bewitched to look like the sky outside. I read about it in Hogwarts, A History."
92
It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the Great Hall didn't simply open on to the heavens.
Roberto quickly looked down again as Professor Romero silently placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool she
put a pointed wizard's hat. This hat was patched and frayed and
extremely dirty. Aunt Beatriz wouldn't have let it in the house.
Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Roberto thought wildly, that seemed the sort of thing -- noticing that everyone in the hall was now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too. For a few seconds, there
was complete silence. Then the hat twitched. A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth -- and the hat began to sing:
"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty, But don't judge on what you see, I'll eat myself if you can find
A smarter hat than me.
You can keep your bowlers black, Your top hats sleek and tall,
For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat And I can cap them all.
There's nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat can't see,
So try me on and I will tell you Where you ought to be.
You might belong in Gryffindor,
Where dwell the brave at heart,
Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart;
93
You might belong in Hufflepuff,
Where they are just and loyal,
Those patient Hufflepuffis are true And unafraid of toil;
Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,
if you've a ready mind,
Where those of wit and learning,
Will always find their kind;
Or perhaps in Slytherin
You'll make your real friends,
Those cunning folk use any means
To achieve their ends.
So put me on! Don't be afraid!
And don't get in a flap!
You're in safe hands (though I have none)
For I'm a Thinking Cap!"
The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.
"So we've just got to try on the hat!" Diego whispered to Roberto. "I'll kill Pablo, he was going on about wrestling a troll."
Roberto. smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was a lot better than having to do a spell, but he did wish they could have tried it on without everyone watching. The hat seemed to be asking rather alot; Roberto didn't feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment. If only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him.
94
Professor Romero now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment.
"When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said. "Abbott, Hannah!"
A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. A moments pause --
"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat.
The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table. Roberto saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving
merrily at her.
"Bones, Susan!"
"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.
"Boot, Terry!" "RAVENCLAW!"
The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.
" Brocklehurst, Mandy" went to Ravenclaw too, but "Brown, Lavender" became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Roberto could see Diego's twin brothers catcalling.
"Bulstrode, Millicent" then became a Slytherin. Perhaps it was Roberto's imagination, after all he'd heard about Slytherin, but he thought they looked like an unpleasant lot. He was starting to feel definitely sick
now. He remembered being picked for teams during gym at his old school. He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but because no one wanted Leonardo to think they liked him.
"Finch-Fletchley, Justin!" "HUFFLEPUFF!"
95
Sometimes, Roberto noticed, the hat shouted out the house at once, but at others it took a little while to decide. "Finnigan, Seamus," the sandy-haired boy next to Roberto in the line, sat on the stool for almost
a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.
"Fernandez, Carolina!"
Carolina almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head. "GRYFFINDOR!" shouted the hat. Diego groaned.
A horrible thought struck Roberto, as horrible thoughts always do when you're very nervous. What if he wasn't chosen at all? What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor Romero jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
When Mauricio Silva, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool. The hat took a long time to decide with Mauricio. When it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR," Mauricio ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it
to "MacDougal, Morag."
Sosa swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!"
Sosa went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself.
There weren't many people left now. "Moon" "Nott" "Parkinson" then a pair of twin girls, "Patil" and "Patil" then "Perks, Sally-Anne" and
then, at last -- "Gonzales, Roberto!"
As Roberto stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall.
"Gonzales, did she say?" The Roberto Gonzales?"
The last thing Roberto saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at him. Next second he
96
was looking at the black inside of the hat. He waited.
Hmm," said a small voice in his ear. "Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There's talent, A my goodness, yes -- and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that's interesting....
So where shall I put you?"
Roberto gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin.
"Not Slytherin, eh?" said the small voice. "Are you sure? You could be great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that -- no? Well, if you're sure -- better be GRYFFINDOR!"
Roberto heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall. He took off the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table. He was so relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed that he was getting the loudest cheer yet. Miguel the Prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the Lopez twins yelled, "We got Gonzales! We got Gonzales!" Roberto sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff he'd seen earlier. The ghost patted his arm, giving Roberto the sudden, horrible feeling he'd just plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water.
He could see the High Table properly now. At the end nearest him sat Villalba, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs up. Roberto grinned back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair, sat Alfonso Dominguez. Roberto recognized him at once from the card he'd gotten out of the Paulacolate Frog on the train. Dominguez's silver hair was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the
ghosts. Roberto spotted Professor Quirtell, too, the nervous young man from the Leaky Cauldron. He was looking very peculiar in a large purple turban.
And now there were only three people left to be sorted. "Thomas, Dean," a Martinez boy even taller than Diego, joined Roberto at the Gryffindor table. "Turpin, Lisa," became a Ravenclaw and then it was Diego's turn. He was pale green by now. Roberto crossed his fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!"
Roberto clapped loudly with the rest as Diego collapsed into the chair next to him.
97
"Well done, Diego, excellent," said Miguel Lopez Pompously across Roberto as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin. Professor Romero rolled up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away.
Roberto looked down at his empty gold plate. He had only just realized how hungry he was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.
Alfonso Dominguez had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to see them all there.
"Welcome," he said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
"Thank you!"
He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Roberto didn't know whether to laugh or not.
"Is he -- a bit mad?" he asked Miguel uncertainly.
"Mad?" said Miguel airily. "He's a genius! Best wizard in the world! But he is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, Roberto?"
Roberto's mouth fell open. The dishes in front of him were now piled with food. He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.
The Carrizos had never exactly starved Roberto, but he'd never been allowed to eat as much as he liked. Leonardo had always taken anything that Roberto really wanted, even if It made him sick. Roberto piled his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat. It was all delicious.
"That does look good," said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Roberto cut up his steak,
"Can't you --?"
98
I haven't eaten for nearly four hundred years," said the ghost. "I don't
need to, of course, but one does miss it. I don't think I've in troduced myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your service. Resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower."
"I know who you are!" said Diego suddenly. "My brothers told me about you -- you're Nearly Headless Nick!"
"I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy --" the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.
"Nearly Headless? How can you be nearly headless?"
Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn't going at all the way he wanted.
"Like this," he said irritably. He seized his left ear and pulled. His whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, Nearly Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said, "So -- new Gryffindors! I hope you're going to help us win the house championship this year? Gryffindors have never gone so long without winning. Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody Baron's becoming almost unbearable -- he's the Slytherin ghost."
Roberto looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost
sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained
with silver blood. He was right next to Sosa who, Roberto was pleased to see, didn't look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
"How did he get covered in blood?" asked Seamus with great interest.
"I've never asked," said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.
When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before. A moment later the desserts appeared. Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding -- "
As Roberto helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.
99
"I'm half-and-half," said Seamus. "Me dad's a Muggle. Mom didn't tell him she was a witch 'til after they were married. Bit of a nasty shock for him."
The others laughed.
"What about you, Mauricio?" said Diego.
"Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said Mauricio, "but the family thought I was all- Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me -- he pushed me off the end of Martinezpool pier once, I nearly drowned -- but nothing happened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let go. But I bounced -- all the way down the garden and into the road. They were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. And you should have seen their faces when I got in here -- they thought I might
not be magic enough to come, you see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad."
On Roberto's other side, Miguel Lopez and Carolina were talking about lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-"; "You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of thing -- ").
Roberto, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at
the High Table again. Villalba was drinking deeply from his goblet. Professor Romero was talking to Professor Dominguez. Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.
It happened very suddenly. The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell's turban straight into Roberto's eyes -- and a sharp, hot pain shot across
the scar on Roberto's forehead.
"Ouch!" Roberto clapped a hand to his head. "What is it?" asked Miguel.
100
"N-nothing."
The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder to shake off was the feeling Roberto had gotten from the teacher's look -- a feeling that he didn't like Roberto at all.
"Who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?" he asked Miguel.
"Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he's looking so nervous, that's Professor Peralta. He teaches Potions, but he doesn't want to -- everyone knows he's after Quirrell's job. Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Peralta."
Roberto watched Peralta for a while, but Peralta didn't look at him again.
At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dominguez got to his feet again. The hall fell silent.
"Ahern -- just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I have a few start-of-term notices to give you.
"First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well."
Dominguez's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Lopez twins.
"I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.
"Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.
"And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor
on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death."
Roberto laughed, but he was one of the few who did. "He's not serious?" he muttered to Miguel.
101
"Must be," said Miguel, frowning at Dominguez. "It's odd, because he usually gives us a reason why we're not allowed to go somewhere -- the forest's full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows that. I do think he might have told us prefects, at least."
"And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" cried Dominguez. Roberto noticed that the other teachers' smiles had become rather fixed.
Dominguez gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.
"Everyone pick their favorite tune," said Dominguez, "and off we go!" And the school bellowed:
"Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts, Teach us something please,
Whether we be old and bald
Or young with scabby knees,
Our heads could do with filling With some interesting stuff,
For now they're bare and full of air, Dead flies and bits of fluff,
So teach us things worth knowing, Bring back what we've forgot,
just do your best, we'll do the rest, And learn until our brains all rot.
Everybody finished the song at different times. At last, only the Lopez twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march. Dominguez conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they
102
had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.
"Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot!"
The Gryffindor first years followed Miguel through the chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase. Roberto's legs were
like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food. He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits
along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Miguel led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries. They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their
feet, and Roberto was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.
A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Miguel took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.
"Peeves," Miguel whispered to the first years. "A poltergeist." He raised his voice, "Peeves -- show yourself"
A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered. "Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?"
There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross- legged in the air, clutching the walking sticks.
"Oooooooh!" he said, with an evil cackle. "Ickle Firsties! What fun!" He swooped suddenly at them. They all ducked.
"Go away, Peeves, or the Baron'll hear about this, I mean it!" barked Miguel.
Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on Mauricio's head. They heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as he passed.
"You want to watch out for Peeves," said Miguel, as they set off again. "The Bloody Baron's the only one who can control him, he won't even listen to us prefects. Here we are."
103
At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress.
"Password?" she said. "Caput Javiernis," said Miguel, and the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all scrambled through it -- Mauricio needed a leg up -- and found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.
Miguel directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another. At the top of a spiral staircase -- they were obviously in one of the towers -- they found their beds at last: five four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains. Their trunks had already been brought up. Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed.
" Great food, isn't it?" Diego muttered to Roberto through the hangings. "Get off, Scabbers! He's chewing my sheets."
Roberto was going to ask Diego if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.
Perhaps Roberto had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream. He was wearing Professor Quirrell's turban, which kept talking to him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because it was
his destiny. Roberto told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
painfully -- and there was Sosa, laughing at him as he struggled with it -then Sosa turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Peralta, whose laugh became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Roberto woke, sweating and shaking.
He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn't remember the dream at all.
CHAPTER EIGHT
THE POTIONS MASTER There, look."
"Where?"
104
"Next to the tall kid with the red hair." "Wearing the glasses?"
"Did you see his face?"
"Did you see his scar?"
Whispers followed Roberto from the moment he left his dormitory the next day. People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look
at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring.
Roberto wished they wouldn't, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.
There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump. Then there were doors that wouldn't open unless you asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors
that weren't really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending. It
was also very hard to remember where anything was, because it all seemed to move around a lot. The people in the portraits kept going to visit
each other, and Roberto was sure the coats of armor could walk.
The ghosts didn't help, either. It was always a nasty shock when one of them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open. Nearly Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class. He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, "GOT YOUR CONK!"
Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch. Roberto and Diego managed to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning. Filch found them trying to force their way through a door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds corridor on the third floor. He wouldn't believe they were lost, was
sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing.
105
Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Filch's. She patrolled the
corridors alone. Break a rule in front of her, put just one toe out of
line, and she'd whisk off for Filch, who'd appear, wheezing, two seconds later. Filch knew the secret passageways of the school better than
anyone (except perhaps the Lopez twins) and could pop up as suddenly as any of the ghosts. The students all hated him, and it was the dearest ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick.
And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves. There was a lot more to magic, as Roberto quickly found out, than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.
They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the movements of the planets. Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.
Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, which was the only one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old
indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him. Binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.
Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk. At the start of their
first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Roberto's name he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.
Professor Romero was again different. Roberto had been quite right to think she wasn't a teacher to cross. Strict and clever, she gave them a talking-to the moment they sat down in her first class.
"Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you will learn at Hogwarts," she said. "Anyone messing around in my class will leave and not come back. You have been warned."
Then she changed her desk into a pig and back again. They were all very impressed and couldn't wait to get started, but soon realized they
106
weren't going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time. After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match and started trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the lesson,
only Carolina Fernandez had made any difference to her match; Professor Romero showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and gave Carolina a rare smile.
The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell's lessons turned out to be a bit of
a joke. His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said was to ward off a vampire he'd met in Romania and was afraid would be coming back to get him one of these days. His turban, he told them, had been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of a troublesome zombie, but they weren't sure they believed this story.
For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Lopez twins insisted that it was stuffed
full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.
Roberto was very relieved to find out that he wasn't miles behind everyone else. Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like him, hadn't had any idea that they were witches and wizards. There was so much to learn that even people like Diego didn't have much of a head start.
Friday was an important day for Roberto and Diego. They finally managed to find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost once.
"What have we got today?" Roberto asked Diego as he poured sugar on his porridge.
"Double Potions with the Slytherins," said Diego. "Peralta's Head of Slytherin House. They say he always favors them -- we'll be able to see if it's true."
"Wish Romero favored us, " said Roberto. Professor Romero was head of Gryffindor House, but it hadn't stopped her from giving them a huge
pile of homework the day before.
Just then, the mail arrived. Roberto had gotten used to this by now, but
it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast,
107
circling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters and packages onto their laps.
Hedwig hadn't brought Roberto anything so far. She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls. This morning, however, she fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto Roberto's plate. Roberto tore it open at once. It said, in a very untidy
scrawl:
Dear Roberto,
I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three?
I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with Hedwig.
Villalba
Roberto borrowed Diego's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.
It was lucky that Roberto had tea with Villalba to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far.
At the start-of-term banquet, Roberto had gotten the idea that Professor Peralta disliked him. By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew he'd been wrong. Peralta didn't dislike Roberto -- he hated him.
Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.
Peralta, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Roberto's name.
"Ah, Yes," he said softly, "Roberto Gonzales. Our new -- celebrity."
Javier Sosa and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their
108
hands. Peralta finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His eyes were black like Villalba's, but they had none of Villalba's warmth. They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels.
"You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of
potionmaking," he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word -- like Professor Romero, Peralta had y caught every word -- like Professor Romero, Peralta had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort. "As there is little foolish wand-waving
here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.... I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death -- if you aren't
as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach."
More silence followed this little speech. Roberto and Diego exchanged looks with raised eyebrows. Carolina Fernandez was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasn't a dunderhead.
"Gonzales!" said Peralta suddenly. "What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?"
Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Roberto glanced at Diego, who looked as stumped as he was; Carolina's hand had shot into the air.
"I don't know, sit," said Roberto.
Peralta's lips curled into a sneer.
"Tut, tut -- fame clearly isn't everything."
He ignored Carolina's hand.
"Let's try again. Gonzales, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?"
Carolina stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without her leaving her seat, but Roberto didn't have the faintest idea what a
bezoar was. He tried not to look at Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.
"I don't know, sit." "Thought you wouldn't open a book before coming,
109
eh, Gonzales?" Roberto forced himself to keep looking straight into those
cold eyes. He had looked through his books at the Carrizos', but did
Peralta expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?
Peralta was still ignoring Carolina's quivering hand.
"What is the difference, Gonzales, between monkshood and wolfsbane?"
At this, Carolina stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.
"I don't know," said Roberto quietly. "I think Carolina does, though, why don't you try her?"
A few people laughed; Roberto caught Seamus's eye, and Seamus winked. Peralta, however, was not pleased.
"Sit down," he snapped at Carolina. "For your information, Gonzales, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach
of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of
aconite. Well? Why aren't you all copying that down?"
There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise, Peralta said, "And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your cheek, Gonzales."
Things didn't improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson
continued. Peralta put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a simple potion to cure boils. He swept around in his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Sosa, whom he seemed to like. He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Sosa had stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon. Mauricio had somehow managed to melt Seamus's cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor,
burning holes in people's shoes. Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Mauricio, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.
110
"Idiot boy!" snarled Peralta, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand. "I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?"
Mauricio whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.
"Take him up to the hospital wing," Peralta spat at Seamus. Then he rounded on Roberto and Diego, who had been working next to Mauricio.
"You -- Gonzales -- why didn't you tell him not to add the quills? Thought he'd make you look good if he got it wrong, did you? That's another point you've lost for Gryffindor."
This was so unfair that Roberto opened his mouth to argue, but Diego kicked him behind their cauldron.
"Doi* push it," he muttered, "I've heard Peralta can turn very nasty."
As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Roberto's mind was racing and his spirits were low. He'd lost two points for Gryffindor in his very first week -- why did Peralta hate him so much? "Cheer up," said Diego, "Peralta's always taking points off Pablo and Luis. Can I come and meet Villalba with you?"
At five to three they left the castle and made their way across the grounds. Villalba lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest. A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door.
When Roberto knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and several booming barks. Then Villalba's voice rang out, saying, "Back, Fang -- back."
Villalba's big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he pulled the door open.
"Hang on," he said. "Back, Fang."
He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous black boarhound.
There was only one room inside. Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner
111
stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.
"Make yerselves at home," said Villalba, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Diego and started licking his ears. Like Villalba, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.
"This is Diego," Roberto told Villalba, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.
"Another Lopez, eh?" said Villalba, glancing at Diego's freckles. I spent half me life chasin' yer twin brothers away from the forest."
The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their teeth, but Roberto and Diego pretended to be enjoying them as they told Villalba all about their first -lessons. Fang rested his head on Roberto's knee and drooled all over his robes.
Roberto and Diego were delighted to hear Villalba call Fitch "that old git."
"An' as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, I'd like ter introduce her to Fang sometime. D'yeh know, every time I go up ter the school, she follows me everywhere? Can't get rid of her -- Fitch puts her up to it."
Roberto told Villalba about Peralta's lesson. Villalba, like Diego, told Roberto not to worry about it, that Peralta liked hardly any of the students.
"But he seemed to really hate me." "Rubbish!" said Villalba. "Why should he?"
Yet Roberto couldn't help thinking that Villalba didn't quite meet his eyes when he said that.
"How's yer brother Charlie?" Villalba asked Diego. "I liked him a lot -- great with animals."
Roberto wondered if Villalba had changed the subject on purpose. While Diego told Villalba all about Charlie's work with dragons, Roberto picked up a piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy. It was a cutting from the Daily Prophet:
GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST
112
Investigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown.
Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.
"But we're not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if you know what's good for you," said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon.
Roberto remembered Diego telling him on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Diego hadn't mentioned the date.
"Villalba!" said Roberto, "that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday! It might've been happening while we were there!"
There was no doubt about it, Villalba definitely didn't meet Roberto's eyes this time. He grunted and offered him another rock cake. Roberto read the story again. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied earlier that same day. Villalba had emptied vault seven hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little package. Had that been what the thieves were looking for?
As Roberto and Diego walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Roberto thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with Villalba. Had Villalba collected that package just in time? Where was it now? And did Villalba know something about Peralta that he didn't want to tell Roberto?
CHAPTER NINE
THE MIDNIGHT DUEL
Roberto had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Leonardo, but that was before he met Javier Sosa. Still, first-year
Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn't have to
put up with Sosa much. Or at least, they didn't until they spotted a
notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan. Flying lessons would be starting on Thursday -- and Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learning together.
113
"Typical," said Roberto darkly. "Just what I always wanted. To make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of Sosa."
He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.
"You don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself," said Diego
reasonably. "Anyway, I know Sosa's always going on about how good he is at Quidditch, but I bet that's all talk."
Malfay certainly did talk about flying a lot. He complained loudly about first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters. He wasn't the only one, though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, he'd spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick. Even Diego would tell anyone who'd listen about the time he'd almost hit a hang glider on Charlie's old broom. Everyone from wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly. Diego had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer. Diego couldn't see what was exciting about a game with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Roberto had caught Diego prodding Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.
Mauricio had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his grandmother had never let him near one. Privately, Roberto felt she'd had good reason, because Mauricio managed to have an extraordinary number of accidents even with both feet on the ground.
Carolina Fernandez was almost as nervous about flying as Mauricio was. This was something you couldn't learn by heart out of a book -- not that she hadn't tried. At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all stupid with
flying tips she'd gotten out of a library book called Quidditch Through
the Ages. Mauricio was hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but everybody else was very pleased when Carolina's lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.
Roberto hadn't had a single letter since Villalba's note, something that Sosa had been quick to notice, of course. Sosa's eagle owl was always bringing him packages of sweets from home, which he opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table.
A barn owl brought Mauricio a small package from his grandmother. He
114
opened it excitedly and showed them a glass ball the size of a large marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke.
"It's a Remembrall!" he explained. "Gran knows I forget things -- this tells you if there's something you've forgotten to do. Look, you hold it tight like this and if it turns red -- oh..." His face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet,
"You've forgotten something..."
Mauricio was trying to remember what he'd forgotten when Javier Sosa, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand.
Roberto and Diego jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfay, but Professor Romero, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.
"What's going on?"
"Sosa's got my Remembrall, Professor."
Scowling, Sosa quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.
"Just looking," he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him.
At three-thirty that afternoon, Roberto, Diego, and the other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying lesson. It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their
feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.
The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground. Roberto had heard Pablo and Luis Lopez complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.
Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk.
"Well, what are you all waiting for?" she barked. "Everyone stand by a
115
broomstick. Come on, hurry up."
Roberto glanced down at his broom. It was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles.
"Stick out your right hand over your broom," called Madam Hooch at the front, "and say 'Up!"'
"UPF everyone shouted.
Roberto's broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did. Carolina Fernandez's had simply rolled over on the ground, and Mauricio's hadn't moved at all. Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Roberto; there was a quaver in Mauricio's voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.
Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.
Roberto and Diego were delighted when she told Sosa he'd been doing it wrong for years.
"Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," said Madam Hooch. "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle -- three
-- two --"
But Mauricio, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch's lips.
"Come back, boy!" she shouted, but Mauricio was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle -- twelve feet -- twenty feet. Roberto saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and --
WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Mauricio lay facedown on the grass in a heap. His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and
started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.
Madam Hooch was bending over Mauricio, her face as white as his. "Broken wrist," Roberto heard her mutter. "Come on, boy -- it's all right,
116
up you get.".
She turned to the rest of the class.
"None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You leave those brooms where they are or you'll be out of Hogwarts before you can say 'Quidditch.' Come on, dear."
Mauricio, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.
No sooner were they out of earshot than Sosa burst into laughter. "Did you see his face, the great lump?"
The other Slytherins joined in.
"Shut up, Sosa," snapped Parvati Patil.
"Ooh, sticking up for Silva?" said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl. "Never thought you'd like fat little crybabies,
Parvati."
"Look!" said Sosa, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass. "It's that stupid thing Silva's gran sent him."
The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.
"Give that here, Sosa," said Roberto quietly. Everyone stopped talking to watch.
Sosa smiled nastily.
"I think I'll leave it somewhere for Silva to find -- how about -- up a tree?"
"Give it here!" Roberto yelled, but Sosa had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off. He hadn't been lying, he could fly well. Hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak he called, "Come and get it, Gonzales!"
Roberto grabbed his broom.
117
"No!" shouted Carolina Fernandez. "Madam Hooch told us not to move -- you'll get us all into trouble."
Roberto ignored her. Blood was pounding in his ears. He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him -and in a rush of fierce joy he realized he'd found something he could do without being taught -- this was easy, this was wonderful. He pulled his broomstick up
a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Diego.
He turned his broomstick sharply to face Sosa in midair. Sosa looked stunned.
"Give it here," Roberto called, "or I'll knock you off that broom!" "Oh, yeah?" said Sosa, trying to sneer, but looking worried.
Roberto knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfay like a javelin. Sosa
only just got out of the way in time; Roberto made a sharp about-face and
held the broom steady. A few people below were clapping.
"No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Sosa," Roberto called. The same thought seemed to have struck Sosa.
"Catch it if you can, then!" he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.
Roberto saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and
then start to fall. He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down -- next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball
-- wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watching -- he stretched out his hand -- a foot from the ground he caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled
gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.
"ROBERTO GONZALES!"
His heart sank faster than he'd just dived. Professor Romero was running toward them. He got to his feet, trembling.
"Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --"
118
Professor Romero was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, "-- how dare you -- might have broken your neck --"
"It wasn't his fault, Professor --"
"Be quiet, Miss Patil
"But Sosa --"
"That's enough, Mr. Lopez. Gonzales, follow me, now."
Roberto caught sight of Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor Romero's wake as she strode toward the castle. He was going to be expelled, he just knew it. He wanted to
say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something wrong with his voice. Professor Romero was sweeping along without even looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now he'd done it. He hadn't
even lasted two weeks. He'd be packing his bags in ten minutes. What would the Carrizos say when he turned up on the doorstep?
Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor Romero didn't say a word to him. She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Roberto trotting miserably behind her. Maybe she was taking him to Dominguez. He thought of Villalba, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Villalba's assistant. His
stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Diego and the others becoming wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying Villalba's bag.
Professor Romero stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door and poked her head inside.
"Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?"
Wood? thought Roberto, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?
But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwicles class looking confused.
"Follow me, you two," said Professor Romero, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Roberto.
119
"In here."
Professor Romero pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.
"Out, Peeves!" she barked. Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which
clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing. Professor Romero slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.
"Gonzales, this is Oliver Wood. Wood -- I've found you a Seeker." Wood's expression changed from puzzlement to delight.
"Are you serious, Professor?"
"Absolutely," said Professor Romero crisply. "The boy's a natural. I've never seen anything like it. Was that your first time on a broomstick, Gonzales?"
Roberto nodded silently. He didn't have a clue what was going on, but he didn't seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming back to his legs.
"He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive," Professor Romero told Wood. "Didn't even scratch himself. Charlie Lopez couldn't have done it."
Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once. "Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Gonzales?" he asked excitedly.
"Wood's captain of the Gryffindor team," Professor Romero explained.
"He's just the build for a Seeker, too," said Wood, now walking around Roberto and staring at him. "Light -- speedy -- we'll have to get him a
decent broom, Professor -- a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven, I'd say."
I shall speak to Professor Dominguez and see if we can't bend the first-year rule. Heaven knows, we need a better team than last year. Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look Carlos Peralta in the face for weeks...."
120
Professor Romero peered sternly over her glasses at Roberto.
"I want to hear you're training hard, Gonzales, or I may change my mind about punishing you."
Then she suddenly smiled.
"Your father would have been proud," she said. "He was an excellent Quidditch player himself."
"You're joking."
It was dinnertime. Roberto had just finished telling Diego what had happened when he'd left the grounds with Professor Romero. Diego had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all about
it.
"Seeker?" he said. "But first years never -- you must be the youngest house player in about a century, said Roberto, shoveling pie into his mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the afternoon. "Wood told me."
Diego was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Roberto.
"I start training next week," said Roberto. "Only don't tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret."
Pablo and Luis Lopez now came into the hall, spotted Roberto, and hurried over.
"Well done," said Luis in a low voice. "Wood told us. We're on the team too -- Beaters."
"I tell you, we're going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,"
said Pablo. "We haven't won since Charlie left, but this year's team is
going to be brilliant. You must be good, Roberto, Wood was almost skipping when he told us."
"Anyway, we've got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he's found a new secret passageway out of the school."
"Bet it's that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week. See you."
121
Pablo and Luis had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Sosa, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.
"Having a last meal, Gonzales? When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?"
"You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got your little friends with you," said Roberto coolly. There was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their knuckles and scowl.
"I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Sosa. "Tonight, if you want. Wizard's duel. Wands only -- no contact. What's the matter? Never heard of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?"
"Of course he has," said Diego, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's yours?"
Sosa looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.
"Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy room; that's always unlocked."
When Sosa had gone, Diego and Roberto looked at each other. "What is a wizard's duel?" said Roberto. "And what do you mean, you're my second?"
"Well, a second's there to take over if you die," said Diego casually, getting started at last on his cold pie. Catching the look on Roberto's
face, he added quickly, "But people only die in proper duels, you know, with real wizards. The most you and Sosa'll be able to do is send sparks at each other. Neither of you knows enough magic to do any real damage. I bet he expected you to refuse, anyway."
"And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?"
"Throw it away and punch him on the nose," Diego suggested. "Excuse me." They both looked up. It was Carolina Fernandez.
"Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Diego.
122
Carolina ignored him and spoke to Roberto.
"I couldn't help overhearing what you and Sosa were saying --" "Bet you could," Diego muttered.
"--and you mustn't go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you'll lose Gryffindor if you're caught, and you're bound to be. It's really very selfish of you."
"And it's really none of your business," said Roberto. "Good-bye," said Diego.
All the same, it wasn't what you'd call the perfect end to the day,
Roberto thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Mauricio wasn't back from the hospital wing). Diego had spent all evening giving him advice such as "If he tries to curse you, you'd better dodge it, because I can't remember how to block them." There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or Mrs. Norris, and Roberto felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another school rule today. On the other hand, Sosas sneering face kept looming up out of the darkness - this was his big chance to beat Sosa face-to-face. He couldn't miss it.
"Half-past eleven," Diego muttered at last, "we'd better go."
They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room. A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. They had almost reached the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, "I can't believe you're going to do this, Roberto."
A lamp flickered on. It was Carolina Fernandez, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.
"You!" said Diego furiously. "Go back to bed!"
"I almost told your brother," Carolina snapped, "Miguel -- he's a prefect, he'd put a stop to this."
Roberto couldn't believe anyone could be so interfering.
123
"Come on," he said to Diego. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the hole.
Carolina wasn't going to give up that easily. She followed Diego through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.
"Don't you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I don't want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you'll lose all the
points I got from Professor Romero for knowing about Switching Spells."
"Go away." "All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when you're on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"
But what they were, they didn't find out. Carolina had turned to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and found herself facing an empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Carolina was locked out of Gryffindor tower.
"Now what am I going to do?" she asked shrilly.
"That's your problem," said Diego. "We've got to go, we 3 re going to be late."
They hadn't even reached the end of the corridor when Carolina caught up with them.
"I'm coming with you," she said. "You are not."
"D'you think I'm going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me? If he finds all three of us I'll tell him the truth, that I was trying
to stop you, and you can back me up."
"You've got some nerve --" said Diego loudly.
"Shut up, both of you!" said Roberto sharply. I heard something." It was a sort of snuffling.
"Mrs. Norris?" breathed Diego, squinting through the dark.
124
It wasn't Mrs. Norris. It was Mauricio. He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.
"Thank goodness you found me! I've been out here for hours, I couldn't remember the new password to get in to bed."
"Keep your voice down, Mauricio. The password's 'Pig snout' but it won't help you now, the Fat Lady's gone off somewhere."
"How's your arm?" said Roberto.
"Fine," said Mauricio, showing them. "Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute."
"Good - well, look, Mauricio, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you later --"
"Don't leave me!" said Mauricio, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already."
Diego looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Carolina and Mauricio.
"If either of you get us caught, I'll never rest until I've learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.
Carolina opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Diego exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Roberto hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.
They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows. At every turn Roberto expected to run into Filch or Mrs. Norris, but they were lucky. They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room.
Sosa and Crabbe weren't there yet. The crystal trophy cases glimmered where the moonlight caught them. Cups, shields, plates, and statues winked silver and gold in the darkness. They edged along the walls, keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room. Roberto took
out his wand in case Sosa leapt in and started at once. The minutes crept by.
125
"He's late, maybe he's chickened out," Diego whispered.
Then a noise in the next room made them jump. Roberto had only just raised his wand when they heard someone speak -and it wasn't Sosa.
"Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner."
It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horror-struck, Roberto waved madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from Filch's voice. Mauricio's robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.
"They're in here somewhere," they heard him mutter, "probably hiding."
"This way!" Roberto mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear Filch getting nearer. Mauricio suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run -he tripped, grabbed Diego around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.
The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.
"RUN!" Roberto yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Roberto in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.
"I think we've lost him," Roberto panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead. Mauricio was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.
I -- told -you," Carolina gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, "I -- told -- you."
"We've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said Diego, "quickly as possible."
"Sosa tricked you," Carolina said to Roberto. "You realize that, don't you? He was never going to meet you -- Filch knew someone was going to
126
be in the trophy room, Sosa must have tipped him off."
Roberto thought she was probably right, but he wasn't going to tell her that.
"Let's go."
It wasn't going to be that simple. They hadn't gone more than a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a classroom in front of them.
It was Peeves. He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.
"Shut up, Peeves -- please -- you'll get us thrown out."
Peeves cackled.
"Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty, naughty, you'll get caughty."
"Not if you don't give us away, Peeves, please."
"Should tell Filch, I should," said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his eyes glittered wickedly. "It's for your own good, you know."
"Get out of the way," snapped Diego, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.
"STUDENTS OUT OF BED!" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE
CHARMS CORRIDOR"
Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door -- and it was locked.
"This is it!" Diego moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, "We're done for! This is the end!" They could hear footsteps, Filch running as fast as he could toward Peeves's shouts.
"Oh, move over," Carolina snarled. She grabbed Roberto's wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, 'Alohomora!"
The lock clicked and the door swung open -- they piled through it, shut
127
it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.
"Which way did they go, Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me."
"Say 'please."'
"Don't mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go?"
"Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said Peeves in his annoying singsong voice.
"All right -please."
"NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldn't say nothing if you didn't say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!" And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing away and Filch cursing in rage.
"He thinks this door is locked," Roberto whispered. "I think we'll be okay -- get off, Mauricio!" For Mauricio had been tugging on the sleeve of Roberto's bathrobe for the last minute. "What?"
Roberto turned around -- and saw, quite clearly, what. For a moment, he was sure he'd walked into a nightmare -- this was too much, on top of everything that had happened so far.
They weren't in a room, as he had supposed. They were in a corridor. The forbidden corridor on the third floor. And now they knew why it was forbidden.
They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor. It had three heads. Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching
and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.
It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Roberto
knew that the only reason they weren't already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.
Roberto groped for the doorknob -- between Filch and death, he'd take Filch.
128
They fell backward -- Roberto slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor. Filch must have hurried off to look for them somewhere else, because they didn't see him anywhere, but they hardly cared -- all they wanted to do was put as much space as possible between them and that monster. They didn't stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.
"Where on earth have you all been?" she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.
"Never mind that -- pig snout, pig snout," panted Roberto, and the portrait swung forward. They scrambled into the common room and collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.
It was a while before any of them said anything. Mauricio, indeed, looked as if he'd never speak again.
"What do they think they're doing, keeping a thing like that locked up in a school?" said Diego finally. "If any dog needs exercise, that one does."
Carolina had got both her breath and her bad temper back again. "You don't use your eyes, any of you, do you?" she snapped. "Didn't you see what it was standing on.
"The floor?" Roberto suggested. "I wasn't looking at its feet, I was too busy with its heads."
"No, not the floor. It was standing on a trapdoor. It's obviously guarding something."
She stood up, glaring at them.
I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed -- or worse, expelled. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to bed."
Diego stared after her, his mouth open.
"No, we don't mind," he said. "You'd think we dragged her along, wouldn't you.
But Carolina had given Roberto something else to think about as he climbed
129
back into bed. The dog was guarding something.... What had Villalba said? Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide -- except perhaps Hogwarts.
It looked as though Roberto had found out where the grubby littie package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.
CHAPTER TEN HALLOWEEN
Sosa couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Roberto and Diego were still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.
Indeed, by the next morning Roberto and Diego thought that meeting the three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite keen to have another one. In the meantime, Roberto filled Diego in about the package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy protection. "It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said Diego.
"Or both," said Roberto.
But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it
was about two inches long, they didn't have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.
Neither Mauricio nor Carolina showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Mauricio cared about was never going near the dog again.
Carolina was now refusing to speak to Roberto and Diego, but she was such a bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus. All they really wanted now was a way of getting back at Sosa, and to their great delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later.
As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone's attention
was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech owls. Roberto was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in
this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor. They had
hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel.
130
Roberto ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:
DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.
It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don't want everybody knowing you've got a broomstick or they'll all want one. Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your first training session.
Professor Romero
Roberto had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Diego to read.
"A Nimbus Two Thousand!" Diego moaned enviously. "I've never even touched one."
They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they
found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Sosa seized the package from Roberto and felt it.
"That's a broomstick," he said, throwing it back to Roberto with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face. "You'll be in for it this time,
Gonzales, first years aren't allowed them."
Diego couldn't resist it.
"It's not any old broomstick," he said, "it's a Nimbus Two Thousand. What did you say you've got at home, Sosa, a Comet Two Sixty?" Diego grinned at Roberto. "Comets look flashy, but they're not in the same
league as the Nimbus."
"What would you know about it, Lopez, you couldn't afford half the handle," Sosa snapped back. "I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig."
Before Diego could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Sosa's elbow. "Not arguing, I hope, boys?" he squeaked.
131
"Gonzales's been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Sosa quickly.
"Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Roberto. "Professor Romero told me all about the special circumstances, Gonzales. And what model is it?"
"A Nimbus Two Thousand, sit," said Roberto, fighting not to laugh at the look of horror on Sosa's face. "And it's really thanks to Sosa here that I've got it," he added.
Roberto and Diego headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Sosa's obvious rage and confusion. "Well, it's true," Roberto chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, "If he hadn't stolen Mauricio's Remembrall I wouln't be on the team...."
"So I suppose you think that's a reward for breaking rules?" came an angry voice from just behind them. Carolina was stomping up the stairs, looking disapprovingly at the package in Roberto's hand.
"I thought you weren't speaking to us?" said Roberto.
"Yes, don't stop now," said Diego, "it's doing us so much good." Carolina marched away with her nose in the air.
Roberto had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day. It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he'd be learning to play that night. He bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Diego to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.
"Wow," Diego sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Roberto's bedspread.
Even Roberto, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful. Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.
As seven o'clock drew nearer, Roberto left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field. Held never been inside the stadium before. Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that the spectators were high enough to see what was going on. At either end
132
of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end. They reminded Roberto of the little plastic sticks Muggle
children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.
Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Roberto mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground. What a feeling -- he swooped in and out of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field. The Nimbus Two Thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest touch.
"Hey, Gonzales, come down!'
Oliver Wood had arrived. fie was carrying a large wooden crate under his arm. Roberto landed next to him.
"Very nice," said Wood, his eyes glinting. "I see what Romero meant... you really are a natural. I'm just going to teach you the rules this evening, then you'll be joining team practice three times a week."
He opened the crate. Inside were four different-sized balls.
"Right," said Wood. "Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even if it's not too easy to play. There are seven players on each side.
Three of them are called Chasers."
"Three Chasers," Roberto repeated, as Wood took out a bright red ball about the size of a soccer ball.
"This ball's called the Quaffle," said Wood. "The Chasers throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoops to score a goal. Ten points every time the Quaffle goes through one of the hoops. Follow me?"
"The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score," Roberto recited. "So -- that's sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn't it?"
"What's basketball?" said Wood curiously. "Never mind," said Roberto quickly.
"Now, there's another player on each side who's called the Keeper -I'm Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly around our hoops and stop the other team from scoring."
133
"Three Chasers, one Keeper," said Roberto, who was determined to remember it all. "And they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are
they for?" He pointed at the three balls left inside the box.
"I'll show you now," said Wood. "Take this."
He handed Roberto a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat.
"I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," Wood said. "These two are the Bludgers."
He showed Roberto two identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than the red Quaffle. Roberto noticed that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps holding them inside the box.
"Stand back," Wood warned Roberto. He bent down and freed one of the Bludgers.
At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at Roberto's face. Roberto swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking
his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air -- it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.
"See?" Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely. "The Bludgers rocket around, trying to knock players off their brooms. That's why you have two Beaters on each team -- the Lopez twins are ours -- it's their job to protect their
side from the Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team. So -- think you've got all that?"
"Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team," Roberto reeled off.
"Very good," said Wood.
"Er -- have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?" Roberto asked, hoping he sounded offhand.
"Never at Hogwarts. We've had a couple of broken jaws but nothing worse than that. Now, the last member of the team is the
134
Seeker. That's you. And you don't have to worry about the Quaffle or the Bludgers unless they crack my head open."
"Don't worry, the Lopezs are more than a match for the Bludgers -- I mean, they're like a pair of human Bludgers themselves."
Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and last ball. Compared with the Quaffle and the Bludgers, it was tiny, about the size of a large walnut. It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings.
"This," said Wood, "is the Golden Snitch, and it's the most important ball of the lot. It's very hard to catch because it's so fast and
difficult to see. It's the Seeker's job to catch it. You've got to weave in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it before the other team's Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they
nearly always win. That's why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages -- I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on substitutes so the players could get some sleep. "Well, that's it -- any questions?"
Roberto shook his head. He understood what he had to do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the problem.
"We won't practice with the Snitch yet," said Wood, carefully shutting it back inside the crate, "it's too dark, we might lose it. Let's try
you out with a few of these."
He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few minutes later, he and Roberto were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf balls as hard as he could in every direction for Roberto to catch.
Roberto didn't miss a single one, and Wood was delighted. After half an hour, night had really fallen and they couldn't carry on.
"That Quidditch cup'll have our name on it this year," said Wood happily as they trudged back up to the castle. "I wouldn't be surprised if you
turn out better than Charlie Lopez, and he could have played for England if he hadn't gone off chasing dragons."
135
Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Roberto could hardly believe it when he realized that he'd already been at Hogwarts two months. The castle felt more like home than Privet Drive ever had. His lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics.
On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the corridors. Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly, something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make Mauricio's toad zoom around the classroom. Professor Flitwick put the
class into pairs to practice. Roberto's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which was a relief, because Mauricio had been trying to catch his eye). Diego, however, was to be working with Carolina Fernandez. It was hard to tell whether Diego or Carolina was angrier about this. She hadn't spoken to either of them since the day Roberto's broomstick had arrived.
"Now, don't forget that nice wrist movement we've been practicing!" squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as
usual. "Swish and flick, remember, swish and flick. And saying the magic words properly is very important, too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio, who said 's' instead of 'f' and found himself on the floor with a
buffalo on his chest."
It was very difficult. Roberto and Seamus swished and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop. Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to it -- Roberto had to put it out with his hat.
Diego, at the next table, wasn't having much more luck.
"Wingardium Leviosa!" he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.
"You're saying it wrong," Roberto heard Carolina snap. "It's Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the 'gar' nice and long."
"You do it, then, if you're so clever," Diego snarled.
Carolina rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, "Wingardium Leviosa!"
136
Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.
"Oh, well done!" cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. "Everyone see here, Miss Fernandez's done it!"
Diego was in a very bad mood by the end of the class. "It's no wonder no one can stand her," he said to Roberto as they pushed their way into the crowded corridor, "she's a nightmare, honestly. "
Someone knocked into Roberto as they hurried past him. It was Carolina. Roberto caught a glimpse of her face -- and was startled to see that she was in tears.
"I think she heard you."
"So?" said Diego, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. "She must've noticed she's got no friends."
Carolina didn't turn up for the next class and wasn't seen all
afternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast, Roberto and Diego overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that Carolina was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone. Diego looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Carolina out of their minds.
A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter. The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.
Roberto was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face. Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dominguez's chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, "Troll -- in the dungeons -- thought you ought to know."
He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.
There was an uproar. It took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end of Professor Dominguez's wand to bring silence.
137
"Prefects," he rumbled, "lead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately!"
Miguel was in his element.
"Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if
you follow my orders! Stay close behind me, now. Make way, first years coming through! Excuse me, I'm a prefect!"
"How could a troll get in?" Roberto asked as they climbed the stairs.
"Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Diego. "Maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke."
They passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions. As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Roberto suddenly grabbed Diego's arm.
"I've just thought -- Carolina." "What about her?"
"She doesn't know about the troll." Diego bit his lip.
"Oh, all right," he snapped. "But Miguel'd better not see us."
Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls' bathroom. They had just turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them.
"Miguel!" hissed Diego, pulling Roberto behind a large stone griffin.
Peering around it, however, they saw not Miguel but Peralta. He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.
"What's he doing?" Roberto whispered. "Why isn't he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?"
"Search me."
138
Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Peralta's fading footsteps.
"He's heading for the third floor," Roberto said, but Diego held up his hand.
"Can you smell something?"
Roberto sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.
And then they heard it -- a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet. Diego pointed -- at the end of a passage to the left,
something huge was moving toward them. They shrank into the shadows and watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.
It was a horrible sight. Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut. It had short legs thick as tree trunks with flat, horny feet. The smell coming from it was incredible. It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were so long.
The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. It waggled its long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.
"The keys in the lock," Roberto muttered. "We could lock it in." "Good idea," said Diego nervously.
They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn't about to come out of it. With one great leap, Roberto managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.
'Y es!"
Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop -- a high, petrified scream -- and it was coming from the chamber they'd just chained up.
"Oh, no," said Diego, pale as the Bloody Baron.
139
"It's the girls' bathroom!" Roberto gasped. "Carolina!" they said together.
It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have? Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key, fumbling in their panic. Roberto pulled the door open and they ran inside.
Carolina Fernandez was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint. The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.
"Confuse it!" Roberto said desperately to Diego, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.
The troll stopped a few feet from Carolina. It lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw
Roberto. It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it
went.
"Oy, pea-brain!" yelled Diego from the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning
its ugly snout toward Diego instead, giving Roberto time to run around it.
"Come on, run, run!" Roberto yelled at Carolina, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn't move, she was still flat against the wall,
her mouth open with terror.
The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It roared again and started toward Diego, who was nearest and had no way to escape.
Roberto then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the troll's neck from behind. The troll couldn't feel Roberto hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
nose, and Roberto's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Roberto clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him
140
off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.
Carolina had sunk to the floor in fright; Diego pulled out his own wand -- not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: "Wingardium Leviosa!"
The club flew suddenly out of the troll's hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over -- and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner's head. The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.
Roberto got to his feet. He was shaking and out of breath. Diego was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.
It was Carolina who spoke first.
"Is it -- dead?"
I don't think so," said Roberto, I think it's just been knocked out."
He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll's nose. It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.
"Urgh -- troll boogers."
He wiped it on the troll's trousers.
A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up. They hadn't realized what a racket they had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll's roars. A moment later, Professor Romero had come bursting into the room, closely followed by Peralta, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly
down on a toilet, clutching his heart.
Peralta bent over the troll. Professor Romero was looking at Diego and Roberto. Roberto had never seen her look so angry. Her lips were white. Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Roberto's mind.
"What on earth were you thinking of?" said Professor Romero, with cold fury in her voice. Roberto looked at Diego, who was still standing with his wand in the air. "You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in
141
your dormitory?"
Peralta gave Roberto a swift, piercing look. Roberto looked at the floor. He wished Diego would put his wand down.
Then a small voice came out of the shadows.
"Please, Professor Romero -- they were looking for me."
"Miss Fernandez!"
Carolina had managed to get to her feet at last.
I went looking for the troll because I -- I thought I could deal with it on my own -- you know, because I've read all about them."
Diego dropped his wand. Carolina Fernandez, telling a downright lie to a teacher? "If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Roberto stuck his wand up its nose and Diego knocked it out with its own club. They didn't have time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they arrived."
Roberto and Diego tried to look as though this story wasn't new to them.
"Well -- in that case..." said Professor Romero, staring at the three of them, "Miss Fernandez, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?"
Carolina hung her head. Roberto was speechless. Carolina was the last person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending she had, to get them out of trouble. It was as if Peralta had started handing out sweets.
"Miss Fernandez, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this," said Professor Romero. "I'm very disappointed in you. If you're not hurt at all, you'd better get off to Gryffindor tower. Students are finishing the feast in their houses."
Carolina left.
Professor Romero turned to Roberto and Diego.
"Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have
142
taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win Gryffindor five points. Professor Dominguez will be informed of this. You may go."
They hurried out of the chamber and didn't speak at all until they had climbed two floors up. It was a relief to be away from the smell of the troll, quite apart from anything else.
"We should have gotten more than ten points," Diego grumbled. "Five, you mean, once she's taken off Carolina's."
"Good of her to get us out of trouble like that," Diego admitted. "Mind you, we did save her."
"She might not have needed saving if we hadn't locked the thing in with her," Roberto reminded him.
They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady. "Pig snout," they said and entered.
The common room was packed and noisy. Everyone was eating the food that had been sent up. Carolina, however, stood alone by the door, waiting
for them. There was a very embarrassed pause. Then, none of them looking at each other, they all said "Thanks," and hurried off to get plates.
But from that moment on, Carolina Fernandez became their friend. There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
CHAPTER ELEVEN QUIDDITCH
As they entered November, the weather turned very cold. The mountains around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel. Every morning the ground was covered in frost. Villalba could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.
The Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Roberto would be playing in
143
his first match after weeks of training: Gryffindor versus Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, they would move up into second place in the house championship.
Hardly anyone had seen Roberto play because Wood had decided that, as their secret weapon, Roberto should be kept, well, secret. But the news
that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Roberto didn't know which was worse -- people telling him he'd be brilliant or people
telling him they'd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.
It was really lucky that Roberto now had Hermlone as a friend. He didn't know how he'd have gotten through all his homework without her, what with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do. She had also tent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.
Roberto learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.
Carolina had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Roberto and Diego had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it. The day before Roberto's first Quidditch match the three of them
were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.
They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Peralta crossed the yard. Roberto noticed at once that Peralta was limping. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina moved closer together to block the fire from view; they were sure it wouldn't be allowed. Unfortunately, something about their guilty faces caught Peralta's eye. He limped over. He hadn't seen the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off anyway.
"What's that you've got there, Gonzales?"
It was Quidditch Through the Ages. Roberto showed him.
"Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said Peralta. "Give it to me. Five points from Gryffindor."
144
"He's just made that rule up," Roberto muttered angrily as Peralta limped away. "Wonder what's wrong with his leg?"
"Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting him," said Diego bitterly.
The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina sat together next to a window. Carolina was checking Roberto and Diego's Charms homework for them. She would never let them copy ("How will you learn?"), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right
answers anyway.
Roberto felt restless. He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to take his mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of Peralta? Getting up, he told Diego and Carolina he was going to ask Peralta if he could have it.
"Better you than me," they said together, but Roberto had an idea that Peralta wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.
He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked. There was no answer. He knocked again. Nothing.
Perhaps Peralta had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.
Peralta and Filch were inside, alone. Peralta was holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing Peralta bandages.
"Blasted thing*," Peralta was saying. "How are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?"
Roberto tried to shut the door quietly, but -- "GONZALES!"
Peralta's face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg. Roberto gulped.
"I just wondered if I could have my book back." "GET OUT! OUT!"
145
Roberto left, before Peralta could take any more points from Gryffindor. He sprinted back upstairs.
"Did you get it?" Diego asked as Roberto joined them. "What's the matter?" In a low whisper, Roberto told them what he'd seen.
"You know what this means?" he finished breathlessly. "He tried to get past that three-headed dog at Halloween! That's where he was going when we saw him -- he's after whatever it's guarding! And Id bet my broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!"
Carolina's eyes were wide.
"No -- he wouldn't, she said. "I know he's not very nice, but he wouldn't try and steal something Dominguez was keeping safe."
"Honestly, Carolina, you think all teachers are saints or something," snapped Diego. "I'm with Roberto. I wouldn't put anything past Peralta. But what's he after? What's that dog guarding?"
Roberto went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question. Mauricio was snoring loudly, but Roberto couldn't sleep. He tried to empty his mind -- he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a few hours -- but the expression on Peralta's face when Roberto had seen his leg wasn't easy to forget.
The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheer ful chatter of
everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.
"You've got to eat some breakfast."
"I don't want anything."
"Just a bit of toast," wheedled Carolina.
"I'm not hungry."
Roberto felt terrible. In an hour's time he'd be walking onto the field.
"Roberto, you need your strength," said Seamus Finnigan. "Seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team."
146
"Thanks, Seamus," said Roberto, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his sausages.
By eleven o'clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around the Quidditch pitch. Many students had binoculars. The seats might be raised high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going
on sometimes.
Diego and Carolina joined Mauricio, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row. As a surprise for Roberto, they had painted a large banner on
one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It said Gonzales for President, and
Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath. Then Carolina had performed a tricky little charm so that
the paint flashed different colors.
Meanwhile, in the locker room, Roberto and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).
Wood cleared his throat for silence.
"Okay, men," he said.
"And women," said Chaser Angelina Johnson.
"And women," Wood agreed. "This is it."
"The big one," said Pablo Lopez.
"The one we've all been waiting for," said Luis.
"We know Oliver's speech by heart," Pablo told Roberto, "we were on the team last year."
"Shut up, you two," said Wood. "This is the best team Gryffindor's had in years. We're going to win. I know it."
He glared at them all as if to say, "Or else."
"Right. It's time. Good luck, all of you."
Roberto followed Pablo and Luis out of the locker room and, hoping his
147
knees weren't going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.
Madam Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the middle of the field waiting for the two teams, her broom in her hand.
"Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you," she said, once they were all gathered around her. Roberto noticed that she seemed to be speaking particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a sixth year. Roberto thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing Gonzales for President over the crowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver.
"Mount your brooms, please."
Roberto clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand. Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.
Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. They were off. "And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor -- what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too --"
"JORDAN!" "Sorry, Professor."
The Lopez twins' friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor Romero.
"And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet,
a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to
Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying
like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle -- that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint,
off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of
the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken by the Slytherins -- that's
Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a second Bludger -- sent his way by Pablo or Luis Lopez, can't tell which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's really flying -- dodges a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead
148
-- come on, now, Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses -- GRYFFINDORS SCORE!"
Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.
"Budge up there, move along." "Villalba!"
Diego and Carolina squeezed together to give Villalba enough space to join them.
"Bin watchin' from me hut," said Villalba, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, "But it isn't the same as bein' in the crowd. No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?"
"Nope," said Diego. "Roberto hasn't had much to do yet."
"Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said Villalba, raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Roberto.
Way up above them, Roberto was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch. This was part of his and Wood's game plan.
"Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch," Wood had said. "We don't want you attacked before you have to be."
When Angelina had scored, Roberto had done a couple of loop-the-loops to let off his feelings. Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch. Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection
from one of the Lopezs' wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Roberto dodged it and Pablo Lopez came chasing after it.
"All right there, Roberto?" he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.
"Slytherin in possession," Lee Jordan was saying, "Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Lopezs, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the -- wait a moment -- was that the Snitch?"
A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too
149
busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.
Roberto saw it. In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after the streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too. Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch -all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to watch.
Roberto was faster than Higgs -- he could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead - - he put on an extra spurt of speed --
WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint had blocked Roberto on purpose, and Roberto's broom spun off course, Roberto holding on for dear life.
"Foul!" screamed the Gryffindors.
Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.
Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send him off, ref! Red card!"
"What are you talking about, Dean?" said Diego.
"Red card!" said Dean furiously. "In soccer you get shown the red card and you're out of the game!"
"But this isn't soccer, Dean," Diego reminded him. Villalba, however, was on Dean's side.
"They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Roberto outta the air."
Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides. "So -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating "Jordan!" growled Professor Romero.
150
"I mean, after that open and revolting foul 'Jordan, I'm warning you --"
"All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor still in possession."
It was as Roberto dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously past his head, that it happened. His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch. For a split second, he thought he was going to fall. He gripped
the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. He'd never felt
anything like that.
It happened again. It was as though the broom was trying to buck him off. But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their riders off. Roberto tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal- posts
-- he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out -- and then he realized that his broom was completely out of his control. He couldn't turn it. He couldn't direct it at all. It was zigzagging through the
air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him.
Lee was still commentating.
"Slytherin in possession -- Flint with the Quaffle -- passes Spinnet -- passes Bell -- hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose -- only joking, Professor -- Slytherins score -- A no...
The Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have noticed that Roberto's broom was behaving strangely. It was carrying- him slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.
"Dunno what Roberto thinks he's doing," Villalba mumbled. He stared through his binoculars. "If I didn' know better, I'd say he'd lost control of
his broom... but he can't have...."
Suddenly, people were pointing up at Roberto all over the stands. His broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to hold on. Then the whole crowd gasped. Roberto's broom had given a wild jerk and Roberto swung off it. He was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand.
151
"Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?" Seamus whispered.
"Can't have," Villalba said, his voice shaking. "Can't nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic -- no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand."
At these words, Carolina seized Villalba's binoculars, but instead of looking up at Roberto, she started looking frantically at the crowd.
"What are you doing?" moaned Diego, gray-faced. "I knew it," Carolina gasped, "Peralta -- look."
Diego grabbed the binoculars. Peralta was in the middle of the stands opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Roberto and was muttering nonstop under his breath.
"He's doing something -- jinxing the broom," said Carolina. "What should we do?"
"Leave it to me."
Before Diego could say another word, Carolina had disappeared. Diego turned the binoculars back on Roberto. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was almost impossible for him to hang on much longer. The whole crowd was on its feet, watching, terrified, as the Lopezs flew up to try and pull
Roberto safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good -- every time they got near him, the broom would jump higher still. They dropped lower and circled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell.
Marcus
Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing. "Come on, Carolina," Diego muttered desperately.
Carolina had fought her way across to the stand where Peralta stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front. Reaching Peralta, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well- chosen words. Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the hem of Peralta's robes.
152
It took perhaps thirty seconds for Peralta to realize that he was on fire. A sudden yelp told her she had done her job. Scooping the fire off him into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row -- Peralta would never know what had happened.
It was enough. Up in the air, Roberto was suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom.
"Mauricio, you can look!" Diego said. Mauricio had been sobbing into Villalba's jacket for the last five minutes.
Roberto was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick -- he hit the field
on all fours -- coughed -- and something gold fell into his hand.
"I've got the Snitch!" he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.
"He didn't catch it, he nearly swallowed it," Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Roberto hadn't broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results -- Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty. Roberto heard none of this, though. He was being made a cup of strong tea back in Villalba's hut, with Diego and Carolina.
"It was Peralta," Diego was explaining, "Carolina and I saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off you."
"Rubbish," said Villalba, who hadn't heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands. "Why would Peralta do somethin' like that?"
Roberto, Diego, and Carolina looked at one another, wondering what to tell him. Roberto decided on the truth.
"I found out something about him," he told Villalba. "He tried to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying to steal whatever it's guarding."
Villalba dropped the teapot.
"How do you know about Fluffy?" he said.
153
"Fluffy?"
"Yeah -- he's mine -- bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las' year -- I lent him to Dominguez to guard the
"Yes?" said Roberto eagerly.
"Now, don't ask me anymore," said Villalba gruffly. "That's top secret, that is."
"But Peralta's trying to steal it."
"Rubbish," said Villalba again. "Peralta's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do nothin' of the sort."
"So why did he just try and kill Roberto?" cried Carolina.
The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Peralta.
I know a jinx when I see one, Villalba, I've read all about them!
You've got to keep eye contact, and Peralta wasn't blinking at all, I saw him!"
"I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said Villalba hotly. "I don' know why Roberto's broom acted like that, but Peralta wouldn' try an' kill a student! Now, listen to me, all three of yeh -- yer meddlin' in things that don' concern yeh. It's dangerous. You forget that dog, an' you forget what it's guardin', that's between Professor Dominguez an' Nicolas Flamel --"
"Aha!" said Roberto, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, is there?"
Villalba looked furious with himself.
CHAPTER TWELVE
THE MIRROR OF ERISED
Christmas was coming. One morning in mid-December, Hogwarts woke to find
154
itself covered in several feet of snow. The lake froze solid and the Lopez twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban. The few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Villalba before they could fly off again.
No one could wait for the holidays to start. While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms. Worst of all were Professor Peralta's classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as
possible to their hot cauldrons.
"I do feel so sorry," said Javier Sosa, one Potions class, "for all
those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they're not wanted at home."
He was looking over at Roberto as he spoke. Crabbe and Goyle chuckled. Roberto, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them. Sosa had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match. Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing Roberto as Seeker next. Then he'd realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the way Roberto had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick. So Sosa, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Roberto about having no proper family.
It was true that Roberto wasn't going back to Privet Drive for Christmas. Professor Romero had come around the week before, making a list of students who would be staying for the holidays, and Roberto had signed up at once. He didn't feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be
the best Christmas he'd ever had. Diego and his brothers were staying, too, because Mr. and Mrs. Lopez were going to Romania to visit Charlie.
When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large
fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Villalba was behind it.
"Hi, Villalba, want any help?" Diego asked, sticking his head through the branches.
155
"Nah, I'm all right, thanks, Diego."
"Would you mind moving out of the way?" came Sosas cold drawl from behind them. "Are you trying to earn some extra money, Lopez? Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose -- that hut of Villalba's must seem like a palace compared to what your family's used to."
Diego dived at Sosa just as Peralta came up the stairs.
"LOPEZ!"
Diego let go of the front of Sosa's robes.
"He was provoked, Professor Peralta," said Villalba, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree. "Sosa was insultin' his family."
"Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Villalba," said Peralta silkily. "Five points from Gryffindor, Lopez, and be grateful it isn't more. Move along, all of you."
Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.
"I'll get him," said Diego, grinding his teeth at Sosa's back, "one of these days, I'll get him --"
"I hate them both," said Roberto, "Sosa and Peralta."
"Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said Villalba. "Tell yeh what, come with me an' see the Great Hall, looks a treat."
So the three of them followed Villalba and his tree off to -the Great
Hall, where Professor Romero and Professor Flitwick were busy with the Christmas decorations.
"Ah, Villalba, the last tree -- put it in the far corner, would you?"
The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with hundreds of candles.
156
"How many days you got left until yer holidays?" Villalba asked.
"Just one," said Carolina. "And that reminds me -Roberto, Diego, we've got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library."
"Oh yeah, you're right," said Diego, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
"The library?" said Villalba, following them out of the hall. "Just before the holidays? Bit keen, aren't yeh?"
"Oh, we're not working," Roberto told him brightly. "Ever since you mentioned Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is."
"You what?" Villalba looked shocked. "Listen here -- I've told yeh -- drop it. It's nothin' to you what that dog's guardin'."
"We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all," said Carolina.
"Unless you'd like to tell us and save us the trouble?" Roberto added. "We must've been through hundreds of books already and we can't find him anywhere -- just give us a hint -- I know I've read his name somewhere."
"I'm sayin' nothin, said Villalba flatly.
"Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Diego, and they left Villalba looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.
They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Villalba had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Peralta
was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get himself into a
book. He wasn't in Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, or Notable Magical Names of Our Time; he was missing, too, from Important Modern Magical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. And then, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of
thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.
Carolina took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to
search while Diego strode off down a row of books and started pulling them off the shelves at random. Roberto wandered over to the Restricted
Section. He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wasn't somewhere in
157
there. Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew he'd never get one. These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced Defense Against the Dark Arts.
"What are you looking for, boy?"
"Nothing," said Roberto.
Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him. "You'd better get out, then. Go on -- out!"
Wishing he'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Roberto left
the library. He, Diego, and Carolina had already agreed they'd better not ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. They were sure she'd be able to tell them, but they couldn't risk Peralta hearing what they were
up to.
Roberto waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found anything, but he wasn't very hopeful. They had been looking for two weeks, after A, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it wasn't surprising they'd found nothing. What they really needed was a nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.
Five minutes later, Diego and Carolina joined him, shaking their heads. They went off to lunch.
"You will keep looking while I'm away, won't you?" said Carolina. "And send me an owl if you find anything."
"And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said Diego. "It'd be safe to ask them."
"Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Carolina.
Once the holidays had started, Diego and Roberto were having too good a time to think much about Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and the common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the good armchairs by the fire. They sat by the hour eating anything they could spear on a toasting fork -- bread, English muffins, marshmallows
-- and plotting ways of getting Sosa expelled, which were fun to talk
158
about even if they wouldn't work.
Diego also started teaching Roberto wizard chess. This was exactly like Muggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot like directing troops in battle. Diego's set was very old and battered.
Like everything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in his family -- in this case, his grandfather. However, old chessmen weren't a drawback at all. Diego knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted.
Roberto played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn't trust him at all. He wasn't a very good player yet and they kept
shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing. "Don't
send me there, can't you see his knight? Send him, we can afford to lose him." On Christmas Eve, Roberto went to bed looking forward to the next day for the food and the fun, but not expecting any presents at all.
When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.
"Merry Christmas," said Diego sleepily as Roberto scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.
"You, too," said Roberto. "Will you look at this? I've got some presents!"
"What did you expect, turnips?" said Diego, turning to his own pile, which was a lot bigger than Roberto's.
Roberto picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper and scrawled across it was To Roberto, from Villalba. Inside was a roughly cut wooden flute. Villalba had obviously whittled it himself. Roberto blew it -- it sounded a bit like an owl.
A second, very small parcel contained a note.
We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle Francisco and Aunt Beatriz. Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.
"That's friendly," said Roberto.
Diego was fascinated by the fifty pence.
"Weird!" he said, 'NMat a shape! This is money?"
159
"You can keep it," said Roberto, laughing at how pleased Diego was. "Villalba and my aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?"
"I think I know who that one's from," said Diego, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel. "My mom. I told her you didn't expect any presents and -- oh, no," he groaned, "she's made you a Lopez sweater."
Roberto had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.
"Every year she makes us a sweater," said Diego, unwrapping his own, "and mine's always maroon."
"That's really nice of her," said Roberto, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.
His next present also contained candy -- a large box of Paulacolate Frogs from Carolina.
This only left one parcel. Roberto picked it up and felt it. It was very light. He unwrapped it.
Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds. Diego gasped.
"I've heard of those," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans he'd gotten from Carolina. "If that's what I think it is -- they're really rare, and really valuable."
"What is it?"
Roberto picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.
"It's an invisibility cloak," said Diego, a look of awe on his face. "I'm sure it is -- try it on."
Roberto threw the cloak around his shoulders and Diego gave a yell.
"It is! Look down!"
Roberto looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the
160
mirror. Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head suspended in midair, his body completely invisible. He pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished completely.
"There's a note!" said Diego suddenly. "A note fell out of it!"
Roberto pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. Written in narrow, loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words: Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well.
A Very Merry Christmas to you.
There was no signature. Roberto stared at the note. Diego was admiring the cloak.
"I'd give anything for one of these," he said. "Anything. What's the matter?"
"Nothing," said Roberto. He felt very strange. Who had sent the cloak? Had it really once belonged to his father?
Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and Pablo and Luis Lopez bounded in. Roberto stuffed the cloak quickly out of sight. He didn't feel like sharing it with anyone else
yet.
"Merry Christmas!"
"Hey, look -- Roberto's got a Lopez sweater, too!"
Pablo and Luis were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G.
"Roberto's is better than ours, though," said Pablo, holding up Roberto's sweater. "She obviously makes more of an effort if you're not family."
"Why aren't you wearing yours, Diego?" Luis demanded. "Come on, get it on, they're lovely and warm."
"I hate maroon," Diego moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.
161
"You haven't got a letter on yours," Luis observed. "I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid -- we know we're called Gred and Forge."
"What's all th is noise.
Miguel Lopez stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving. He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which
Pablo seized.
"P for prefect! Get it on, Miguel, come on, we're all wearing ours, even Roberto got one."
"I -- don't -- want said Miguel thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.
"And you're not sitting with the prefects today, either," said Luis. "Christmas is a time for family."
They frog-marched Miguel from the room, his arms pinned to his side by his sweater.
Roberto had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner. A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce -- and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table. These fantastic party favors were nothing like the feeble Muggle ones the Carrizos usually bought, with their little plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside. Roberto pulled a wizard cracker with Pablo and it didn't just bang, it went off with a blast like
a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear admiral's hat and several live, white mice. Up at the High Table, Dominguez had swapped his pointed wizard's hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick had just read him.
Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. Miguel nearly broke his teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice. Roberto watched Villalba getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine,
finally kissing Professor Romero on the cheek, who, to Roberto's
162
amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.
When Roberto finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set. The white mice had disappeared and Roberto had a nasty feeling they were going to end up as Mrs. Norris's Christmas dinner.
Roberto and the Lopezs spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball fight on the grounds. Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Roberto broke in his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Diego. He suspected he
wouldn't have lost so badly if Miguel hadn't tried to help him so much.
After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Miguel chase Pablo and Luis all over Gryffindor tower because they'd stolen his prefect badge.
It had been Roberto's best Christmas day ever. Yet something had been nagging at the back of his mind all day. Not until he climbed into bed was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had sent it.
Diego, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon as he'd drawn the curtains of his
four-poster. Roberto leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the cloak out from under it.
His father's... this had been his father's. He let the material flow over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air. Use it well, the note had said.
He had to try it, now. He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak around himself. Looking down at his legs, he saw only moonlight and shadows. It was a very funny feeling.
Use it well.
Suddenly, Roberto felt wide-awake. The whole of Hogwarts was open to him in this cloak. Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the
dark and silence. He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch would never know.
163
Diego grunted in his sleep. Should Roberto wake him? Something held him back -- his father's cloak -- he felt that this time -- the first time -- he
wanted to use it alone.
He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room, and climbed through the portrait hole.
"Who's there?" squawked the Fat Lady. Roberto said nothing. He walked quickly down the corridor.
Where should he go? He stopped, his heart racing, and thought. And then it came to him. The Restricted Section in the library. He'd be able to
read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who Flamel was. He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he
walked.
The library was pitch-black and very eerie. Roberto lit a lamp to see his way along the rows of books. The lamp looked as if it was floating along in midair, and even though Roberto could feel his arm supporting it, the sight gave him the creeps.
The Restricted Section was right at the back of the library. Step ping carefully over the rope that separated these books from the rest of the library, he held up his lamp to read the titles.
They didn't tell him much. Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled
words in languages Roberto couldn't understand. Some had no title at all. One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood. The
hairs on the back of Roberto's neck prickled. Maybe he was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books, as though they knew someone was there who shouldn't be.
He had to start somewhere. Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor, he looked along the bottom shelf for an interestinglooking book. A large black and silver volume caught his eye. He pulled it out with
difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee,
let it fall open.
A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence -- the book was screaming! Roberto snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one
high, unbroken, earsplitting note. He stumbled backward and knocked over his lamp, which went out at once. Panicking, he heard footsteps coming
164
down the corridor outside -- stuffing the shrieking book back on the shelf, he ran for it. He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Roberto slipped under Filch's outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks still ringing in his ears.
He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor. He had been
so busy getting away from the library, he hadn't paid attention to where he was going. Perhaps because it was dark, he didn't recognize where he was at all. There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he must be five floors above there.
"You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was wandering around at night, and somebody's been in the library Restricted Section."
Roberto felt the blood drain out of his face. Wherever he was, Filch must know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was Peralta who replied, "The Restricted Section? Well, they can't be far, we'll catch them."
Roberto stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Peralta came around the corner ahead. They couldn't see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor
and if they came much nearer they'd knock right into him -- the cloak didn't stop him from being solid.
He backed away as quietly as he could. A door stood ajar to his left. It was his only hope. He squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying
not to move it, and to his relief he managed to get inside the room without their noticing anything. They walked straight past, and Roberto leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps dying away. That had been close, very close. It was a few seconds before he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.
It looked like an unused classroom. The dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket -- but propped against the wall facing him was something that didn't look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet. There was an inscription carved around the top: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. His panic
165
fading now that there was no sound of Filch and Peralta, Roberto moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection again. He stepped in front of it.
He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming. He whirled around. His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had screamed -- for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.
But the room was empty. Breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to the mirror.
There he was, reflected in it, white and scared-looking, and there, reflected behind him, were at least ten others. Roberto looked over his shoulder -- but still, no one was there. Or were they all invisible,
too? Was he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirror's trick was that it reflected them, invisible or not?
He looked in the mirror again. A woman standing right behind his reflection was smiling at him and waving. He reached out a hand and felt the air behind him. If she was really there, he'd touch her, their reflections were so close together, but he felt only air -- she and the others existed only in the mirror.
She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her eyes are just like mine, Roberto thought, edging a little closer to the glass. Bright green -- exactly the same shape, but then he noticed that she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just as Roberto's did.
Roberto was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.
"Mom?" he whispered. "Dad?"
They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Roberto looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Roberto's knobbly knees -- Roberto was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.
166
The Gonzaless smiled and waved at Roberto and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
How long he stood there, he didn't know. The reflections did not fade and he looked and looked until a distant noise brought him back to his senses. He couldn't stay here, he had to find his way back to bed. He tore his eyes away from his mother's face, whispered, "I'll come back," and hurried from the room.
"You could have woken me up," said Diego, crossly.
"You can come tonight, I'm going back, I want to show you the mirror.
"I'd like to see your mom and dad," Diego said eagerly.
"And I want to see all your family, all the Lopezs, you'll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone."
"You can see them any old time," said Diego. "Just come round my house this summer. Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not finding Flamel, though. Have some bacon or something, why aren't you eating anything?"
Roberto couldn't eat. He had seen his parents and would be seeing them again tonight. He had almost forgotten about Flamel. It didn't seem very important anymore. Who cared what the three headed dog was guarding? What did it matter if Peralta stole it, really?
"Are you all right?" said Diego. "You look odd."
What Roberto feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror room again. With Diego covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more slowly the next night. They tried retracing Roberto's route from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.
"I'm freezing," said Diego. "Let's forget it and go back." "No!" Roberto hissed. I know it's here somewhere."
They passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction, but saw no one else. just as Diego started moaning that his feet were dead
167
with cold, Roberto spotted the suit of armor. "It's here -- just here -- yes!"
They pushed the door open. Roberto dropped the cloak from around his shoulders and ran to the mirror.
There they were. His mother and father beamed at the sight of him. "See?" Roberto whispered.
"I can't see anything."
"Look! Look at them all... there are loads of them...."
"I can only see you."
"Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am."
Roberto stepped aside, but with Diego in front of the mirror, he couldn't see his family anymore, just Diego in his paisley pajamas.
Diego, though, was staring transfixed at his image.
"Look at me!" he said.
"Can you see all your family standing around you?"
"No -- I'm alone -- but I'm different -- I look older -- and I'm head boy!"
"What?"
"I am -- I'm wearing the badge like Bill used to -- and I'm holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup -- I'm Quidditch captain, too.
Diego tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Roberto.
"Do you think this mirror shows the future?"
"How can it? All my family are dead -- let me have another look --"
168
"You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time."
"You're only holding the Quidditch cup, what's interesting about that? I want to see my parents."
"Don't push me --"
A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion. They hadn't realized how loudly they had been talking.
"Quick!"
Diego threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door. Diego and Roberto stood quite still, both thinking the same thing -- did the cloak work on cats? After what seemed an age, she turned and left.
"This isn't safe -- she might have gone for Filch, I bet she heard us. Come on."
And Diego pulled Roberto out of the room.
The snow still hadn't melted the next morning.
"Want to play chess, Roberto?" said Diego.
"No."
"Why don't we go down and visit Villalba?"
"No... you go..."
"I know what you're thinking about, Roberto, that mirror. Don't go back tonight."
"Why not?"
"I dunno, I've just got a bad feeling about it -- and anyway, you've had too many close shaves already. Filch, Peralta, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around. So what if they can't see you? What if they walk into you? What if you knock something over?"
"You sound like Carolina."
169
"I'm serious, Roberto, don't go."
But Roberto only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in front of the mirror, and Diego wasn't going to stop him.
That third night he found his way more quickly than before. He was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didn't meet anyone.
And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily. Roberto sank down to sit on the floor in front of the mirror. There was nothing to stop him from staying here all night with his family. Nothing at all.
Except --
"So -- back again, Roberto?"
Roberto felt as though his insides had turned to ice. He looked behind him. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Alfonso Dominguez. Roberto must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn't noticed him.
" -- I didn't see you, sir."
"Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said Dominguez, and Roberto was relieved to see that he was smiling.
"So," said Dominguez, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Roberto, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised."
"I didn't know it was called that, Sir."
"But I expect you've realized by now what it does?" "It -- well -- it shows me my family --"
"And it showed your friend Diego himself as head boy." "How did you know --?"
170
"I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said Dominguez gently. "Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?"
Roberto shook his head.
"Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to use the Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it and see himself exactly as he is. Does that help?"
Roberto thought. Then he said slowly, "It shows us what we want... whatever we want..."
"Yes and no," said Dominguez quietly. "It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have never known your family, see them standing around you. Diegoald Lopez, who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing alone, the best of all of them. However, this mirror will give us
neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it, entranced by what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is real or even possible.
"The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Roberto, and I ask you not to go looking for it again. If you ever do run across it, you will
now be prepared. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that. Now, why don't you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed?"
Roberto stood up.
"Sir -- Professor Dominguez? Can I ask you something?"
"Obviously, you've just done so," Dominguez smiled. "You may ask me one more thing, however."
"What do you see when you look in the mirror?"
"I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks." Roberto stared.
"One can never have enough socks," said Dominguez. "Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books."
171
It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Roberto that Dominguez might not have been quite truthful. But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN NICOLAS FLAMEL
Dominguez had convinced Roberto not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the
invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk. Roberto
wished he could forget what he'd seen in the mirror as easily, but he couldn't. He started having nightmares. Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter.
"You see, Dominguez was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said Diego, when Roberto told him about these drearns.
Carolina, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things. She was torn between horror at the idea of Roberto being out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row ("If Filch had caught you!"), and disappointment that he hadn't at least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.
They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary book, even though Roberto was still sure he'd read the name somewhere. Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten minutes during their breaks. Roberto had even less time than the other
two, because Quidditch practice had started again.
Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless rain that had replaced the snow couldn't dampen his spirits. The Lopezs complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Roberto was on Wood's side. If they won their next match, against Hufflepuff, they would overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven years. Quite apart from wanting to win, Roberto found that he had fewer nightmares when he was tired out after training.
Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session, Wood gave the team a bit of bad news. He'd just gotten very angry with the
172
Lopezs, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off their brooms.
"Will you stop messing around!" he yelled. "That's exactly the sort of thing that'll lose us the match! Peralta's refereeing this time, and he'll be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!"
Luis Lopez really did fall off his broom at these words.
"Peralta's refereeing?" he spluttered through a mouthful of mud. "When's he ever refereed a Quidditch match? He's not going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin."
The rest of the team landed next to Luis to complain, too.
"It's not my fault," said Wood. "We've just got to make sure we play a clean game, so Peralta hasn't got an excuse to pick on us."
Which was all very well, thought Roberto, but he had another reason for not wanting Peralta near him while he was playing Quidditch....
The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the
end of practice, but Roberto headed straight back to the Gryffindor common room, where he found Diego and Carolina playing chess. Chess was the only thing Carolina ever lost at, something Roberto and Diego thought was very good for her.
"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Diego when Roberto sat down next to him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Roberto's face. "What's the matter with you? You look terrible."
Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Roberto told the other two about Peralta's sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.
"Don't play," said Carolina at once.
"Say you're ill," said Diego.
"Pretend to break your leg," Carolina suggested.
"Really break your leg," said Diego.
"I can't," said Roberto. "There isn't a reserve Seeker. If I back out,
173
Gryffindor can't play at all."
At that moment Mauricio toppled into the common room. How he had managed to climb through the portrait hole was anyone's guess, because his legs
had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the
Leg-Locker Curse. He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower.
Everyone fell over laughing except Carolina, who leapt up and performed the countercurse. Mauricio's legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling. "What happened?" Carolina asked him, leading him over to sit with Roberto and Diego.
"Sosa," said Mauricio shakily. "I met him outside the library. He said he'd been looking for someone to practice that on."
"Go to Professor Romero!" Carolina urged Mauricio. "Report him!" Mauricio shook his head.
"I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.
"You've got to stand up to him, Mauricio!" said Diego. "He's used to walking all over people, but that's no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easier."
"There's no need to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, Sosa's already done that," Mauricio choked out.
Roberto felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Paulacolate Frog,
the very last one from the box Carolina had given him for Christmas. He gave it to Mauricio, who looked as though he might cry.
"You're worth twelve of Sosa," Roberto said. "The Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didn't it? And where's Sosa? In stinking Slytherin."
Mauricio's lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.
"Thanks, Roberto... I think I'll go to bed.... D'you want the card, you collect them, don't you?"
As Mauricio walked away, Roberto looked at the Famous Wizard card.
174
"Dominguez again," he said, "He was the first one I ever-"
He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Diego and Carolina.
"I've found him!" he whispered. "I've found Flamel! I told you I'd read the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen to this: 'Dominguez is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Guzman in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel'!"
Carolina jumped to her feet. She hadn't looked so excited since they'd gotten back the marks for their very first piece of homework.
"Stay there!" she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls' dormitories. Roberto and Diego barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.
"I never thought to look in here!" she whispered excitedly. "I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading."
"Light?" said Diego, but Carolina told him to be quiet until she'd looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.
At last she found what she was looking for.
"I knew it! I knew it!"
"Are we allowed to speak yet?" said Diego grumpily. Carolina ignored him.
"Nicolas Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker of the Sorcerer's Stone!"
This didn't have quite the effect she'd expected.
"The what?" said Roberto and Diego.
"Oh, honestly, don't you two read? Look -- read that, there."
She pushed the book toward them, and Roberto and Diego read: The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer's Stone, a
175
legendary substance with astonishing powers. The stone will transform any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which
will make the drinker immortal.
There have been many reports of the Sorcerer's Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).
"See?" said Carolina, when Roberto and Diego had finished. "The dog must be guarding Flamel's Sorcerer's Stone! I bet he asked Dominguez to keep it safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it, that's why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!"
"A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying!" said Roberto. "No wonder Peralta's after it! Anyone would want it."
"And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry," said Diego. "He's not exactly recent if he's six hundred and sixty-five, is he?"
The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, Roberto and Diego were still discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one. It wasn't until Diego said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Roberto remembered about Peralta and the coming match.
"I'm going to play," he told Diego and Carolina. "If I don't, all the Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face Peralta. I'll show them... it'll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win."
"Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field," said Carolina.
As the match drew nearer, however, Roberto became more and more nervous, whatever he told Diego and Carolina. The rest of the team wasn't too calm, either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the house championship was wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed to, with such a biased referee?
Roberto didn't know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to keep running into Peralta wherever he went. At times, he even wondered whether Peralta was following him, trying to catch him on his own. Potions
176
lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Peralta was so
horrible to Roberto. Could Peralta possibly know they'd found out about the Sorcerer's Stone? Roberto didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that Peralta could read minds.
Roberto knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that Diego and Carolina were wondering whether they'd ever see him alive again. This wasn't what you'd call comforting. Roberto
hardly heard a word of Wood's pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch
robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.
Diego and Carolina, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to Mauricio, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had both brought their wands to the match. Little did Roberto know that Diego and Carolina had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker Curse. They'd gotten the idea from Sosa using it on Mauricio, and were ready to use it on Peralta if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Roberto.
"Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Carolina muttered as Diego slipped his wand up his sleeve.
"I know," Diego snapped. "Don't nag."
Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Roberto aside.
"Don't want to pressure you, Gonzales, but if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch it's now. Finish the game before Peralta can favor Hufflepuff too much."
"The whole school's out there!" said Pablo Lopez, peering out of the door. "Even -- blimey -- Dominguez's come to watch!"
Roberto's heart did a somersault.
"Dominguez?" he said, dashing to the door to make sure. Pablo was right. There was no mistaking that silver beard.
Roberto could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe. There was simply no way that Peralta would dare to try to hurt him if Dominguez was watching.
Perhaps that was why Peralta was looking so angry as the teams marched onto the field, something that Diego noticed, too.
177
"I've never seen Peralta look so mean," he told Carolina. "Look -they're off Ouch!"
Someone had poked Diego in the back of the head. It was Sosa.
"Oh, sorry, Lopez, didn't see you there."
Sosa grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.
"Wonder how long Gonzales's going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Lopez?"
Diego didn't answer; Peralta had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because Luis Lopez had hit a Bludger at him. Carolina, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Roberto, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.
"You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?" said Sosa loudly a few minutes later, as Peralta awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. "It's people they feel sorry for. See,
there's Gonzales, who's got no parents, then there's the Lopezs, who've
got no money -- you should be on the team, Silva, you've got no brains."
Mauricio went bright red but turned in his seat to face Sosa.
"I'm worth twelve of you, Sosa," he stammered.
Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Diego, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Mauricio."
"Silva, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Lopez, and that's saying something."
Diego's nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Roberto.
"I'm warning you, Sosa -- one more word "Diego!" said Carolina suddenly, "Roberto --" "What? Where?"
178
Roberto had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd. Carolina stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Roberto streaked toward the ground like a bullet.
"You're in luck, Lopez, Gonzales's obviously spotted some money on the ground!" said Sosa.
Diego snapped. Before Sosa knew what was happening, Diego was on top of him, wrestling him to the ground. Mauricio hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.
"Come on, Roberto!" Carolina screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Roberto sped straight at Peralta -- she didn't even notice Sosa and Diego rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Mauricio, Crabbe, and Goyle.
Up in the air, Peralta turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches -- the next second, Roberto had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.
The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.
"Diego! Diego! Where are you? The game's over! Roberto's won! We've won! Gryffindor is in the lead!" shrieked Carolina, dancing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.
Roberto jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. He couldn't believe it. He'd done it -- the game was over; it had barely lasted five
minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Peralta land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Roberto felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Dominguez's smiling face.
"Well done," said Dominguez quietly, so that only Roberto could hear. "Nice to see you haven't been brooding about that mirror... been keeping busy... excellent..."
Peralta spat bitterly on the ground.
Roberto left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed. He couldn't ever remember feeling
179
happier. He'd really done something to be proud of now -- no one could say he was just a famous name any more. The evening air had never smelled so sweet. He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Diego and Carolina in the distance, jumping up and down, Diego cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
Roberto had reached the shed. He leaned against the wooden door and looked up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun. Gryffindor in the lead. He'd done it, he'd shown Peralta....
And speaking of Peralta...
A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. Clearly not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest. Roberto's victory faded from his mind as he watched. He recognized the figure's prowling walk. Peralta, sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinner -- what was going on?
Roberto jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding silently over the castle he saw Peralta enter the forest at a run. He followed.
The trees were so thick he couldn't see where Peralta had gone. He flew in circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he
heard voices. He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.
He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves. Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Peralta, but he wasn't alone. Quirrell was there, too. Roberto couldn't make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering worse than ever. Roberto strained to catch what they were saying.
"... d-don't know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places, Carlos..."
"Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said Peralta, his voice icy. "Students aren't supposed to know about the Sorcerer's Stone, after all."
Roberto leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. Peralta interrupted him.
180
"Have you found out how to get past that beast of Villalba's yet?" "B-b-but Carlos, I --"
"You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said Peralta, taking a step toward him.
"I-I don't know what you
"You know perfectly well what I mean."
An owl hooted loudly, and Roberto nearly fell out of the tree. He steadied himself in time to hear Peralta say, "-- your little bit of hocus-pocus.
I'm waiting."
"B-but I d-d-don't --"
"Very well," Peralta cut in. "We'll have another little chat soon, when you've had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties lie."
He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing. It was almost dark now, but Roberto could see Quirrell, standing quite still as though he was petrified.
"Roberto, where have you been?" Carolina squeaked.
"We won! You won! We won!" shouted Diego, thumping Roberto on the back. "And I gave Sosa a black eye, and Mauricio tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single-handed! He's still out cold but Madam Pomftey says he'll be all
right - talk about showing Slytherin! Everyone's waiting for you in the
common room, we're having a party, Pablo and Luis stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens."
"Never mind that now," said Roberto breathlessly. "Let's find an empty room, you wait 'til you hear this...."
He made sure Peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door behind them, then he told them what he'd seen and heard.
"So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and Peralta's trying to force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past
181
Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Peralta needs to break through --"
"So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Peralta?" said Carolina in alarm.
"It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Diego.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK
Quirrell, however, must have been braver than they'd thought. In the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn't look as though he'd cracked yet.
Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Roberto, Diego, and Carolina would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside. Peralta was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, which surely meant that the Stone was still safe. Whenever Roberto passed Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Diego had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.
Carolina, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer's Stone. She had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding all her notes. Roberto and Diego wouldn't have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the same.
"Carolina, the exams are ages away."
"Ten weeks," Carolina snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a second to Nicolas Flamel."
"But we're not six hundred years old," Diego reminded her. "Anyway, what are you studying for, you already know it A."
"What am I studying for? Are you crazy? You realize we need to pass these exams to get into the second year? They're very important, I should have started studying a month ago, I don't know what's gotten into me...."
182
Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines
as Carolina. They piled so much homework on them that the Easter holidays weren't nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones. It was hard
to relax with Carolina next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon's blood or practicing wand movements. Moaning and yawning, Roberto and Diego spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get
through all their extra work.
"I'll never remember this," Diego burst out one afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library window. It was the
first really fine day they'd had in months. The sky was a clear, forget-me-not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of summer coming.
Roberto, who was looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Diego say, "Villalba! What are you
doing in the library?"
Villalba shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back. He looked very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.
"Jus' lookin'," he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at
once. "An' what're you lot up ter?" He looked suddenly suspicious. "Yer not still lookin' fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?" "Oh, we found out who he is ages ago," said Diego impressively. "And we know what that dog's guarding, it's a Sorcerer's St --"
"Shhhh!" Villalba looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening. "Don' go shoutin' about it, what's the matter with yeh?"
"There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said Roberto, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy --"
"SHHHH!" said Villalba again. "Listen - come an' see me later, I'm not promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin' about it
in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know. They'll think I've told yeh --"
"See you later, then," said Roberto.
Villalba shuffled off.
"What was he hiding behind his back?" said Carolina thoughtfully.
183
"Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?"
"I'm going to see what section he was in," said Diego, who'd had enough of working. He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table.
"Dragons!" he whispered. "Villalba was looking up stuff about dragons! Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper's Guide."
"Villalba's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever met him, " said Roberto.
"But it's against our laws," said Diego. "Dragon breeding was outlawed by the Warlocks' Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. It's hard to stop Muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in the back garden - anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous. You should see the burns Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania."
"But there aren't wild dragons in Britain?" said Roberto.
"Of course there are," said Diego. "Common Welsh Green and Hebridean Martinezs. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you. Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who've spotted them, to make them forget."
"So what on earths Villalba up to?" said Carolina.
When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed. Villalba called "Who is it?" before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them.
It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. Villalba made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused.
"So -- yeh wanted to ask me somethin'?"
"Yes," said Roberto. There was no point beating around the bush. "We were wondering if you could tell us what's guarding the Sorcerer's Stone
apart from Fluffy."
184
Villalba frowned at him.
"0' course I cant, he said. "Number one, I don' know meself. Number two, yeh know too much already, so I wouldn' tell yeh if I could. That
Stone's here fer a good reason. It Was almost stolen outta Gringotts - I s'ppose yeh've worked that out an' all? Beats me how yeh even know abou' Fluffy."
"Oh, come on, Villalba, you might not want to tell us, but you do know,
you know everything that goes on round here," said Carolina in a warm, flattering voice. Villalba's beard twitched and they could tell he was
smiling. "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really." Carolina went on. "We wondered who Dominguez had trusted enough to help him, apart from you."
Villalba's chest swelled at these last words. Roberto and Diego beamed at Carolina.
"Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that... let's see... he borrowed Fluffy from me... then some o' the teachers did enchantments... Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor Romero --" he ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' Dominguez himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor Peralta."
"Peralta?"
"Yeah -- yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Peralta helped protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."
Roberto knew Diego and Carolina were thinking the same as he was. If Peralta had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the other teachers had guarded it. He probably knew everything -- except, it seemed, Quirrell's spell and how to get past Fluffy.
"You're the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy. aren't you, Villalba?" said Roberto anxiously. "And you wouldn't tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teachers?"
"Not a soul knows except me an' Dominguez," said Villalba proudly. "Well, that's something," Roberto muttered to the others. "Villalba, can we
185
have a window open? I'm boiling."
"Can't, Roberto, sorry," said Villalba. Roberto noticed him glance at the fire. Roberto looked at it, too.
"Villalba -- what's that?"
But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.
"Ah," said Villalba, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er..."
"Where did you get it, Villalba?" said Diego, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg. "It must've cost you a fortune."
"Won it," said Villalba. "Las' night. I was down in the village havin' a few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a stranger. Think he was quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest."
"But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?" said Carolina.
"Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said Villalba, pulling a large book from under his pillow. "Got this outta the library -- Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit -- it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's
all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, 'cause their mothers breathe on I em, see, an' when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o' brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. An' see here -- how ter recognize diff'rent eggs -- what I got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback. They're rare, them."
He looked very pleased with himself, but Carolina didn't. "Villalba, you live in a wooden house," she said.
But Villalba wasn't listening. He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire.
So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to Villalba if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut. "Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," Diego sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were getting. Carolina had now started making study schedules for Roberto and Diego, too. It was driving them nuts.
186
Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Roberto another note from Villalba. He had written only two words: It's hatching.
Diego wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Carolina wouldn't hear of it.
"Carolina, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?"
"We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what Villalba's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing --"
"Shut up!" Roberto whispered.
Sosa was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen. How much had he heard? Roberto didn't like the look on Sosa's face at all.
Diego and Carolina argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Carolina agreed to run down to Villalba's with the other two during morning break. When the bell sounded from the castle at the end of their lesson, the three of them dropped their trowels at once and hurried through the grounds to the edge of the forest. Villalba greeted them, looking flushed and excited.
"It's nearly out." He ushered them inside.
The egg was lying on the table. There were deep cracks in it. Something was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.
They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched with bated breath.
All at once there was a scraping noise and the egg split open. The baby dragon flopped onto the table. It wasn't exactly pretty; Roberto thought
it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. Its spiny wings were huge compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.
It sneezed. A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.
"Isn't he beautiful?" Villalba murmured. He reached out a hand to stroke the dragon's head. It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.
187
"Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!" said Villalba.
"Villalba," said Carolina, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?"
Villalba was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face -- he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.
"What's the matter?"
"Someone was lookin' through the gap in the curtains -- it's a kid -- he's runnin' back up ter the school."
Roberto bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a distance there was no mistaking him.
Sosa had seen the dragon.
Something about the smile lurking on Sosa's face during the next week made Roberto, Diego, and Carolina very nervous. They spent most of their free time in Villalba's darkened hut, trying to reason with him.
"Just let him go," Roberto urged. "Set him free."
"I can't," said Villalba. "He's too little. He'd die."
They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times in length in just a week. Smoke kept furling out of its nostrils. Villalba hadn't been doing
his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy. There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.
"I've decided to call him Norbert," said Villalba, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. "He really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where's Mommy?"
"He's lost his marbles," Diego muttered in Roberto's ear.
"Villalba," said Roberto loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going to
be as long as your house. Sosa could go to Dominguez at any moment."
Villalba bit his lip.
188
"I -- I know I can't keep him forever, but I can't jus' dump him, I can't."
Roberto suddenly turned to Diego. Charlie, he said.
"You're losing it, too," said Diego. "I'm Diego, remember?"
"No -- Charlie -- your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons. We could send Norbert to him. Charlie can take care of him and then put him back in the wild!"
"Brilliant!" said Diego. "How about it, Villalba?"
And in the end, Villalba agreed that they could send -an owl to Charlie to ask him.
The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found Carolina and Roberto sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to
bed. The clock on the wall had just
chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. Diego appeared out of nowhere as he pulled off Roberto's invisibility cloak. He had been down at Villalba's hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the crate.
"It bit me!" he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a bloody handkerchief. "I'm not going to be able to hold a quill for a week. I tell you, that dragon's the most horrible animal I've ever met, but the way Villalba goes on about it, you'd think it was a fluffy little bunny rabbit. When it bit me he told me off for frightening it. And when I left, he was singing it a lullaby."
There was a tap on the dark window.
"It's Hedwig!" said Roberto, hurrying to let her in. "She'll have Charlie's answer!"
The three of them put their heads together to read the note. Dear Diego,
How are you? Thanks for the letter -- I'd be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it won't be easy getting him here. I think the best thing
189
will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustn't be seen carrying an illegal dragon.
Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while it's still dark.
Send me an answer as soon as possible. Love,
Charlie
They looked at one another.
"We've got the invisibility cloak," said Roberto. "It shouldn't be too difficult -- I think the cloaks big enough to cover two of us and Norbert."
It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two agreed with him. Anything to get rid of Norbert -- and Sosa.
There was a hitch. By the next morning, Diego's bitten hand had swollen to twice its usual size. He didn't know whether it was safe to go to Madam Pomfrey -- would she recognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, though, he had no choice. The cut had turned a nasty shade of green. It looked
as if Norbert's fangs were poisonous.
Roberto and Carolina rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Diego in a terrible state in bed.
"It's not just my hand," he whispered, "although that feels like it's
about to fall off. Sosa told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept threatening to tell her what really bit me -- I've told her it was a
dog, but I don't think she believes me -I shouldn't have hit him at the Quidditch match, that's why he's doing this."
Roberto and Carolina tried to calm Diego down.
"It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Carolina, but this didn't soothe Diego at all. On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke
190
into a sweat.
"Midnight on Saturday!" he said in a hoarse voice. "Oh no oh no -- I've just remembered -- Charlie's letter was in that book Sosa took, he's going to know we're getting rid of Norbert."
Roberto and Carolina didn't get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, saying Diego needed sleep.
"It's too late to change the plan now," Roberto told Carolina. "We haven't got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert. We'll have to risk it. And we have got the invisibility cloak, Sosa doesn't know about that."
They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell Villalba, who opened a window to talk to them.
"I won't let you in," he puffed. "Norbert's at a tricky stage -- nothin' I can't handle."
When they told him about Charlie's letter, his eyes filled with tears, although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the leg.
"Aargh! It's all right, he only got my boot -- jus' playin' -- he's only a baby, after all."
The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle. Roberto and Carolina walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn't come quickly enough.
They would have felt sorry for Villalba when the time came for him to say good-bye to Norbert if they hadn't been so worried about what they had to do. It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late
arriving at Villalba's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get
out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis against the wall. Villalba had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.
"He's got lots o' rats an' some brandy fer the journey," said Villalba in a muffled voice. "An' I've packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely."
From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Roberto as
191
though the teddy was having his head torn off.
"Bye-bye, Norbert!" Villalba sobbed, as Roberto and Carolina covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves. "Mommy will never forget you!"
How they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never knew. Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors. UP another staircase, then another -- even one of Roberto's shortcuts didn't make the work much easier.
"Nearly there!" Roberto panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower.
Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate. Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the
shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each other ten feet away. A lamp flared.
Professor Romero, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Sosa by the ear.
"Detention!" she shouted. "And twenty points from Slytherin! Wandering around in the middle of the night, how dare you --"
"You don't understand, Professor. Roberto Gonzales's coming -- he's got a dragon!"
"What utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come on -- I shall see Professor Peralta about you, Sosa!"
The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that. Not until they'd stepped out into the
cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe properly again. Carolina did a sort of jig.
"Sosa's got detention! I could sing!" "Don't," Roberto advised her.
Chuckling about Sosa, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his crate. About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out
192
of the darkness.
Charlie's friends were a cheery lot. They showed Roberto and Carolina the harness they'd rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them. They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Roberto and Carolina shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.
At last, Norbert was going... going... gone.
They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as
their hands, now that Norbert was off them. No more dragon -- Sosa in detention -- what could spoil their happiness?
The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. As they stepped into the corridor, Filch's face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.
"Well, well, well," he whispered, "we are in trouble." They'd left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
THE FORIBIDDEN FOREST Things couldn't have been worse.
Filch took them down to Professor Romero's study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other. Carolina was trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up stories chased each other around Roberto's brain, each more feeble than the last. He couldn't
see how they were going to get out of trouble this time. They were cornered. How could they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak? There was no reason on earth that Professor Romero would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of
night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was out-of-bounds except for classes. Add Norbert and the invisibility cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags already.
Had Roberto thought that things couldn't have been worse? He was wrong. When Professor Romero appeared, she was leading Mauricio.
193
"Roberto!" Mauricio burst Out, the moment he saw the other two. "I was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Sosa saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a drag --"
Roberto shook his head violently to shut Mauricio up, but Professor Romero had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them.
"I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch says you were up in the astronomy tower. It's one o'clock in the morning. Explain yourselves."
It was the first time Carolina had ever failed to answer a teacher's question. She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue.
"I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor Romero. "It doesn't take a genius to work it out. You fed Javier Sosa some cock-and-bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of bed and into trouble. I've already caught him. I suppose you think it's funny that Silva here heard the story and believed it, too?"
Roberto caught Mauricio's eye and tried to tell him without words that this wasn't true, because Mauricio was looking stunned and hurt. Poor, blundering Mauricio -- Roberto knew what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them.
"I'm disgusted," said Professor Romero. "Four students out of bed in one night! I've never heard of such a thing before! You, Miss Fernandez, I thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Gonzales, I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than this. All three of you will receive detentions -- yes, you too, Mr. Silva, nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor."
"Fifty?" Roberto gasped -- they would lose the lead, the lead he'd won in the last Quidditch match.
"Fifty points each," said Professor Romero, breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose.
"Professor -- please "You can't --"
194
"Don't tell me what I can and can't do, Gonzales. Now get back to bed, all of you. I've never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students."
A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last place. In
one night, they'd ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the house
cup. Roberto felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach. How could they ever make up for this?
Roberto didn't sleep all night. He could hear Mauricio sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like hours. Roberto couldn't think of anything to say to comfort him. He knew Mauricio, like himself, was dreading the dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what they'd done?
At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the house points the next day thought there'd been a mistake. How could they suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday? And then the story started to spread: Roberto Gonzales, the famous Roberto Gonzales,
their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lo st them all those points,
him and a couple of other stupid first years.
From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school, Roberto was suddenly the most hated. Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose the house cup. Everywhere Roberto went, people pointed and didn't trouble to lower their voices as they insulted him. Slytherins, on the other
hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, "Thanks Gonzales, we owe you one!"
Only Diego stood by him.
"They'll all forget this in a few weeks. Pablo and Luis have lost loads of points in all the time they've been here, and people still like
them."
"They've never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?" said Roberto miserably.
"Well -- no," Diego admitted.
It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Roberto swore to himself not to meddle in things that weren't his business from now on. He'd had it
195
with sneaking around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.
"Resign?" Wood thundered. "What good'll that do? How are we going to get any points back if we can't win at Quidditch?"
But even Quidditch had lost its fun. The rest of the team wouldn't speak to Roberto during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they called him "the Seeker."
Carolina and Mauricio were suffering, too. They didn't have as bad a time as Roberto, because they weren't as well-known, but nobody would speak to them, either. Carolina had stopped drawing attention to herself in
class, keeping her head down and working in silence.
Roberto was almost glad that the exams weren't far away. All the studying he had to do kept his mind off his misery. He, Diego, and Carolina kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions....
Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Roberto's new resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern him was put
to an unexpected test. Walking back from the library on his own one afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. As he drew closer, he heard Quirrell's voice.
"No -- no -- not again, please --"
It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Roberto moved closer. "All right -- all right --" he heard Quirrell sob.
Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban. He was pale and looked as though he was about to cry. He strode out of sight; Roberto didn't think Quirrell had even noticed him. He waited until Quirrell's footsteps had disappeared, then peered into the classroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end. Roberto was halfway toward it before he remembered what he'd promised himself about not meddling.
All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that Peralta had just left the room, and from what Roberto had just heard, Peralta would be
196
walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given in at last.
Roberto went back to the library, where Carolina was testing Diego on Astronomy. Roberto told them what he'd heard.
"Peralta's done it, then!" said Diego. "If Quirrell's told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell --"
"There's still Fluffy, though," said Carolina.
"Maybe Peralta's found out how to get past him without asking Villalba," said Diego, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. "I bet there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant three-headed dog. So what do we do, Roberto?"
The light of adventure was kindling again in Diego's eyes, but Carolina answered before Roberto could.
"Go to Dominguez. That's what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves we'll be thrown out for sure."
"But we've got no proof!" said Roberto. "Quirrell's too scared to back us up. Peralta's only got to say he doesn't know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor -- who do you think they'll believe, him or us? It's not exactly a secret we hate him, Dominguez'll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn't help us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with Peralta, and the
more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think. And don't forget, we're not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That'll take a lot of explaining."
Carolina looked convinced, but Diego didn't.
"If we just do a bit of poking around --"
"No," said Roberto flatly, "we've done enough poking around."
He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons.
The following morning, notes were delivered to Roberto, Carolina, and Mauricio at the breakfast table. They were all the same:
197
Your detention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight. Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall.
Professor Romero Roberto had forgotten they still had detentions to do in the furor over the points they'd lost. He half expected Carolina to complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn't
say a word. Like Roberto, she felt they deserved what they'd got.
At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to Diego in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with Mauricio. Filch was already there -- and so was Sosa. Roberto had also forgotten that Sosa had gotten a detention, too.
"Follow me," said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside.
I bet you'll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won't you, eh?" he said, leering at them. "Oh yes... hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask me.... It's just a pity they let the old punishments die out... hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days, I've got the chains still in my office, keep 'em well oiled in case they're ever needed.... Right, off we go, and don't think of running off, now, it'll be worse for you if you do."
They marched off across the dark grounds. Mauricio kept sniffing. Roberto wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something really horrible, or Filch wouldn't be sounding so delighted.
The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them into darkness. Ahead, Roberto could see the lighted windows of Villalba's hut. Then they heard a distant shout.
"Is that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started."
Roberto's heart rose; if they were going to be working with Villalba it wouldn't be so bad. His relief must have showed in his -face, because Filch said, "I suppose you think you'll be enjoying yourself with that oaf? Well, think again, boy -- it's into the forest you're going and I'm much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece."
At this, Mauricio let out a little moan, and Sosa stopped dead in his tracks.
198
"The forest?" he repeated, and he didn't sound quite as cool as usual. "We can't go in there at night -- there's all sorts of things in there
-- werewolves, I heard."
Mauricio clutched the sleeve of Roberto's robe and made a choking noise.
"That's your problem, isn't it?" said Filch, his voice cracking with
glee. "Should've thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble, shouldn't you?"
Villalba came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. He was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder.
"Abou' time," he said. "I bin waitin' fer half an hour already. All right, Roberto, Carolina?"
"I shouldn't be too friendly to them, Villalba," said Filch coldly, they're here to be punished, after all."
"That's why yer late, is it?" said Villalba, frowning at Filch. "Bin lecturin' them, eh? 'Snot your place ter do that. Yeh've done yer bit, I'll take over from here."
"I'll be back at dawn," said Filch, "for what's left of them," he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.
Sosa now turned to Villalba.
"I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Roberto was pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice.
"Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts," said Villalba fiercely. "Yeh've done wrong an' now yehve got ter pay fer it."
"But this is servant stuff, it's not for students to do. I thought we'd
be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, he'd
tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Villalba growled. "Copyin' lines! What good's that ter anyone? Yeh'll do summat useful or Yeh'll get out. If yeh think yer father'd rather you were expelled, then get back off
ter the castle an' pack. Go on"'
199
Sosa didn't move. He looked at Villalba furiously, but then dropped his gaze.
"Right then," said Villalba, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want no one takin' risks. Follow me over here a moment."
He led them to the very edge of the forest. Holding his lamp up high, he pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the thick black trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into
the forest.
"Look there," said Villalba, "see that stuff shinin' on the ground?
Silvery stuff? That's unicorn blood. There's a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by summat. This is the second time in a week. I found one dead last Wednesday. We're gonna try an' find the poor thing. We might have ter put it out of its misery."
"And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?" said Sosa, unable to keep the fear out of his voice.
"There's nothin' that lives in the forest that'll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang," said Villalba. "An' keep ter the path. Right, now, we're gonna split inter two parties an' follow the trail in diff'rent directions. There's blood all over the place, it must've bin staggerin' around since last night at least."
"I want Fang," said Sosa quickly, looking at Fang's long teeth.
"All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said Villalba. " So me, Roberto, an' Carolina'll go one way an' Javier, Mauricio, an' Fang'll go the other. Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we'll send up green sparks, right? Get yer wands out an' practice now -- that's it -- an' if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an' we'll all come an' find yeh -- so, be careful -- let's go."
The forest was black and silent. A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and Roberto, Carolina, and Villalba took the left path while Sosa, Mauricio, and Fang took the right.
They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue
200
blood on the fallen leaves.
Roberto saw that Villalba looked very worried.
"Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?" Roberto asked.
"Not fast enough," said Villalba. "It's not easy ter catch a unicorn, they're powerful magic creatures. I never knew one ter be hurt before."
They walked past a mossy tree stump. Roberto could hear running water; there must be a stream somewhere close by. There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.
"You all right, Carolina?" Villalba whispered. "Don' worry, it can't've gone far if it's this badly hurt, an' then we'll be able ter -- GET BEHIND THAT TREE!"
Villalba seized Roberto and Carolina and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow, raising it, ready to fire. The three of them listened. Something was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing
along the ground. Villalba was squinting up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.
"I knew it, " he murmured. "There's summat in here that shouldn' be." "A werewolf?" Roberto suggested.
"That wasn' no werewolf an' it wasn' no unicorn, neither," said Villalba grimly. "Right, follow me, but careful, now."
They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound. Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved.
"Who's there?" Villalba called. "Show yerself -- I'm armed!"
And into the clearing came -- was it a man, or a horse? To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse's gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail. Roberto and Carolina's jaws dropped.
"Oh, it's you, Diegoan," said Villalba in relief. "How are yeh?"
201
He walked forward and shook the centaur's hand.
"Good evening to you, Villalba," said Diegoan. He had a deep, sorrowful voice. "Were you going to shoot me?"
"Can't be too careful, Diegoan," said Villalba, patting his crossbow. "There's summat bad loose in this forest. This is Roberto Gonzales an' Carolina Fernandez, by the way. Students up at the school. An' this is Diegoan, you two. He's a centaur.))
"We'd noticed," said Carolina faintly.
"Good evening," said Diegoan. "Students, are you? And do you learn much, up at the school?"
"Erm --"
"A bit," said Carolina timidly.
"A bit. Well, that's something." Diegoan sighed. He flung back his head and stared at the sky. "Mars is bright tonight."
"Yeah," said Villalba, glancing up, too. "Listen, I'm glad we've run inter yeh, Diegoan, 'cause there's a unicorn bin hurt -- you seen anythin'?"
Diegoan didn't answer immediately. He stared unblinkingly upward, then sighed again.
"Always the innocent are the first victims," he said. "So it has been for ages past, so it is now."
"Yeah," said Villalba, "but have yeh seen anythin', Diegoan? Anythin' unusual?"
"Mars is bright tonight," Diegoan repeated, while Villalba watched him impatiently. "Unusually bright."
"Yeah, but I was meanin' anythin' unusual a bit nearer home, said Villalba. "So yeh haven't noticed anythin' strange?"
Yet again, Diegoan took a while to answer. At last, he said, "The forest hides many secrets."
202
A movement in the trees behind Diegoan made Villalba raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Diegoan.
"Hullo, Bane," said Villalba. "All right?" "Good evening, Villalba, I hope you are well?"
"Well enough. Look, I've jus' bin askin' Diegoan, you seen anythin' odd in here lately? There's a unicorn bin injured -- would yeh know anythin' about it?"
Bane walked over to stand next to Diegoan. He looked skyward. "Mars is bright tonight," he said simply.
"We've heard," said Villalba grumpily. "Well, if either of you do see anythin', let me know, won't yeh? We'll be off, then."
Roberto and Carolina followed him out of the clearing, staring over their shoulders at Diegoan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.
"Never," said Villalba irritably, "try an' get a straight answer out of a centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in anythin' closer'n the moon."
"Are there many of them in here?" asked Carolina.
"Oh, a fair few... Keep themselves to themselves mostly, but they're good enough about turnin' up if ever I want a word. They're deep, mind, centaurs... they know things... jus' don' let on much."
"D'you think that was a centaur we heard earlier?" said Roberto.
"Did that sound like hooves to you? Nah, if yeh ask me, that was what's bin killin' the unicorns -- never heard anythin' like it before."
They walked on through the dense, dark trees. Roberto kept looking nervously over his shoulder. He had the nasty feeling they were being watched. He was very glad they had Villalba and his crossbow with them. They had just passed a bend in the path when Carolina grabbed Villalba's arm.
"Villalba! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!"
203
"You two wait here!" Villalba shouted. "Stay on the path, I'll come back for yeh!"
They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.
"You don't think they've been hurt, do you?" whispered Carolina.
"I don't care if Sosa has, but if something's got Mauricio... it's our fault he's here in the first place."
The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper than usual. Roberto's seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig. What was going on? Where were the others?
At last, a great crunching noise announced Villalba's return. Sosa, Mauricio, and Fang were with him. Villalba was fuming. Sosa, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Mauricio and grabbed him as a joke. Mauricio had panicked and sent up the sparks.
"We'll be lucky ter catch anythin' now, with the racket you two were makin'. Right, we're changin' groups -- Mauricio, you stay with me an' Carolina, Roberto, you go with Fang an' this idiot. I'm sorry," Villalba added in a whisper to Roberto, "but he'll have a harder time frightenin' you, an' we've gotta get this done."
So Roberto set off into the heart of the forest with Sosa and Fang. They walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until the path became almost impossible to follow because the trees were so thick. Roberto thought the blood seemed to be getting thicker. There were splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been thrashing around in pain close by. Roberto could see a clearing ahead, through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.
"Look --" he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Sosa.
Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. They inched closer.
It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead. Roberto had never seen anything so beautiful and sad. Its long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on
204
the dark leaves.
Roberto had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood. A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered.... Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast. Roberto, Sosa, and Fang stood transfixed. The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animal's side, and began to drink its blood.
"AAAAAAAAAARGH!"
Sosa let out a terrible scream and bolted -- so did Fang. The hooded figure raised its head and looked right at Roberto -- unicorn blood was dribbling down its front. It got to its feet and came swiftly toward Roberto -- he couldn't move for fear.
Then a pain like he'd never felt before pierced his head; it was as though his scar were on fire. Half blinded, he staggered backward. He heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over Roberto, charging at the figure.
The pain in Roberto's head was so bad he fell to his knees. It took a
minute or two to pass. When he looked up, the figure had gone. A centaur was standing over him, not Diegoan or Bane; this one looked younger; he had white-blond hair and a palomino body.
"Are you all right?" said the centaur, pulling Roberto to his feet. "Yes -- thank you -- what was that?"
The centaur didn't answer. He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale sapphires. He looked carefully at Roberto, his eyes lingering on the scar that stood out, livid, on Roberto's forehead.
"You are the Gonzales boy," he said. "You had better get back to Villalba. The forest is not safe at this time -- especially for you. Can you ride? It will be quicker this way.
"My name is Firenze," he added, as he lowered himself on to his front legs so that Roberto could clamber onto his back.
There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the clearing. Diegoan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks
205
heaving and sweaty.
"Firenze!" Bane thundered. "What are you doing? You have a human on your back! Have you no shame? Are you a common mule?"
"Do you realize who this is?" said Firenze. "This is the Gonzales boy. The quicker he leaves this forest, the better."
"What have you been telling him?" growled Bane. "Remember, Firenze, we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read
what is to come in the movements of the planets?"
Diegoan pawed the ground nervously. "I'm sure Firenze thought he was acting for the best, " he said in his gloomy voice.
Bane kicked his back legs in anger.
"For the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs are concerned with what has been foretold! It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!"
Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Roberto had to grab his shoulders to stay on.
"Do you not see that unicorn?" Firenze bellowed at Bane. "Do you not understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let you in on that secret? I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must."
And Firenze whisked around; with Roberto clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Diegoan and Bane behind them.
Roberto didn't have a clue what was going on.
"Why's Bane so angry?" he asked. "What was that thing you saved me from, anyway?"
Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Roberto to keep his head bowed in case of low-hanging branches, but did not answer Roberto's question. They made their way through the trees in silence for so long that Roberto thought Firenze didn't want to talk to him anymore. They were passing through a particularly dense patch of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly stopped.
206
"Roberto Gonzales, do you know what unicorn blood is used -for?"
"No," said Roberto, startled by the odd question. "We've only used the horn and tail hair in Potions."
"That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn," said
Firenze. "Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain, would commit such a crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive, even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips."
Roberto stared at the back of Firenze's head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.
"But who'd be that desperate?" he wondered aloud. "If you're going to be cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it?"
"It is," Firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive long
enough to drink something else -- something that will bring you back to full strength and power -- something that will mean you can never die. Mr. Gonzales, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment?"
"The Sorcerer's Stone! Of course -- the Elixir of Life! But I don't understand who --"
"Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power, who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?"
It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Roberto's
heart. Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what Villalba had told him on the night they had met: "Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die."
"Do you mean," Roberto croaked, "that was Vol-"
"Roberto! Roberto, are you all right?"
Carolina was running toward them down the path, Villalba puffing along
207
behind her.
"I'm fine," said Roberto, hardly knowing what he was saying. "The unicorn's dead, Villalba, it's in that clearing back there."
"This is where I leave you," Firenze murmured as Villalba hurried off to examine the unicorn. "You are safe now."
Roberto slid off his back.
"Good luck, Roberto Gonzales," said Firenze. "The planets have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs. I hope this is one of those times."
He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Roberto shivering behind him.
Diego had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to return. He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Roberto roughly shook him awake. In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide-eyed as Roberto began to tell him and Carolina what had happened in the forest.
Roberto couldn't sit down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He was still shaking.
"Peralta wants the stone for Salvador... and Salvador's waiting in the forest... and all this time we thought Peralta just wanted to get
rich...."
"Stop saying the name!" said Diego in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Salvador could hear them.
Roberto wasn't listening.
"Firenze saved me, but he shouldn't have done so.... Bane was furious... he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen.... They must show that Salvador's coming back.... Bane thinks Firenze should have let Salvador kill me.... I suppose that's written
in the stars as well."
"Will you stop saying the name!" Diego hissed.
"So all I've got to wait for now is Peralta to steal the Stone," Roberto
208
went on feverishly, "then Salvador will be able to come and finish me off... Well, I suppose Bane'll be happy."
Carolina looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.
"Roberto, everyone says Dominguez's the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of With Dominguez around, You-Know-Who won't touch you. Anyway, who says the centaurs are right? It sounds like fortune-telling to me,
and Professor Romero says that's a very imprecise branch of magic."
The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. They went to bed exhausted, their throats sore. But the night's surprises weren't over.
When Roberto pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak folded neatly underneath them. There was a note pinned to it:
Just in case.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR
In years to come, Roberto would never quite remember how he had managed to get through his exams when he half expected Salvador to come bursting through the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by, and there could
be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.
It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers. They had been given special, new quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating spell.
They had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across
a desk. Professor Romero watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox -- points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if
it had whiskers. Peralta made them all nervous, breathing down their necks while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.
Roberto did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the forest. Mauricio thought Roberto had a bad case of exam nerves because Roberto couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Roberto kept being woken by
209
his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Roberto had seen in the forest, or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Diego and Carolina didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Roberto. The idea of Salvador certainly scared them, but he didn't keep visiting them in dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn't have much time to fret about what Peralta or anyone else might be up to.
Their very last exam was History of Magic. One hour of answering questions about batty old wizards who'd invented selfstirring cauldrons and they'd be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam results came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, Roberto couldn't help cheering with the rest.
"That was far easier than I thought it would be," said Carolina as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. "I needn't have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager."
Carolina always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Diego said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and
flopped under a tree. The Lopez twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows. "No more studying," Diego sighed happily, stretching out on the grass. "You could look more cheerful, Roberto, we've got a week before we find out how badly we've done, there's no need to worry yet."
Roberto was rubbing his forehead.
"I wish I knew what this means!" he burst out angrily. "My scar keeps hurting -- it's happened before, but never as often as this."
"Go to Madam Pomfrey," Carolina suggested.
"I'm not ill," said Roberto. "I think it's a warning... it means danger's coming...."
Diego couldn't get worked up, it was too hot.
"Roberto, relax, Carolina's right, the Stone's safe as long as
210
Dominguez's around. Anyway, we've never had any proof Peralta found out how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he's not
going to try it again in a hurry. And Mauricio will play Quidditch for England before Villalba lets Dominguez down."
Roberto nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was something he'd forgotten to do, something important. When he tried to explain this, Carolina said, "That's just the exams. I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I remembered we'd done that one."
Roberto was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn't have anything to do with work, though. He watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. Villalba was the only one who ever sent him letters. Villalba would never betray Dominguez. Villalba would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy... never... but --
Roberto suddenly jumped to his feet. "Where're you going?" said Diego sleepily.
"I've just thought of something," said Roberto. He had turned white. "We've got to go and see Villalba, now."
"Why?" panted Carolina, hurrying to keep up.
"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Roberto, scrambling up the grassy slope, "that what Villalba wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket? How many people wander around with dragon eggs if it's against wizard law? Lucky they found Villalba, don't you think? Why didn't I see it before?"
"What are you talking about?" said Diego, but Roberto, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.
Villalba was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.
"Hullo," he said, smiling. "Finished yer exams? Got time fer a drink?" "Yes, please," said Diego, but Roberto cut him off.
"No, we're in a hurry. Villalba, I've got to ask you something. You know
211
that night you won Norbert? What did the stranger you were playing cards with look like?"
"Dunno," said Villalba casually, "he wouldn' take his cloak off." He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.
"It's not that unusual, yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's Head -- that's the pub down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightn' he? I never saw his face, he kept his hood up."
Roberto sank down next to the bowl of peas. "What did you talk to him about, Villalba? Did you mention Hogwarts at all?"
"Mighta come up," said Villalba, frowning as he tried to remember. "Yeah... he asked what I did, an' I told him I was gamekeeper here.... He asked a bit about the sorta creatures I took after... so I told
him... an' I said what I'd always really wanted was a dragon... an' then... I can' remember too well, 'cause he kept buyin' me drinks.... Let's see... yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an' we could play cards fer it if I wanted... but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he didn' want it ter go ter any old home.... So I told him, after Fluffy, a dragon would be easy..."
"And did he -- did he seem interested in Fluffy?" Roberto asked, try ing to keep his voice calm.
"Well -- yeah -- how many three-headed dogs d'yeh meet, even around Hogwarts? So I told him, Fluffy's a piece o' cake if yeh know how to calm him down, jus' play him a bit o' music an' he'll go straight off
ter sleep --"
Villalba suddenly looked horrified.
"I shouldn'ta told yeh that!" he blurted out. "Forget I said it! Hey -- where're yeh goin'?"
Roberto, Diego, and Carolina didn't speak to each other at all until they came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds.
"We've got to go to Dominguez," said Roberto. "Villalba told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Peralta or Salvador under that
212
cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Villalba drunk. I just hope Dominguez believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesn't stop him. Where's Dominguez's office?"
They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the right direction. They had never been told where Dominguez lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
"We'll just have to --" Roberto began, but a voice suddenly rang across the hall.
"What are you three doing inside?"
It was Professor Romero, carrying a large pile of books.
"We want to see Professor Dominguez," said Carolina, rather bravely, Roberto and Diego thought.
"See Professor Dominguez?" Professor Romero repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do. "Why?"
Roberto swallowed -- now what?
"It's sort of secret," he said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because Professor Romero's nostrils flared.
"Professor Dominguez left ten minutes ago," she said coldly. "He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for London at once."
"He's gone?" said Roberto frantically. "Now?"
"Professor Dominguez is a very great wizard, Gonzales, he has many demands on his time --
"But this is important."
"Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic, Gonzales.
"Look," said Roberto, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's about the Sorcerer's tone --"
213
Whatever Professor Romero had expected, it wasn't that. The books she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didn't pick them up. "How do you know --?" she spluttered.
"Professor, I think -- I know -- that Sn- that someone's going to try and steal the Stone. I've got to talk to Professor Dominguez."
She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.
"Professor Dominguez will be back tomorrow," she said finally. I don't know how you found out about the Stone, but rest assured, no one can possibly steal it, it's too well protected."
"But Professor --"
"Gonzales, I know what I'm talking about," she said shortly. She bent down and gathered up the fallen books. I suggest you all go back outside and enjoy the sunshine."
But they didn't.
"It's tonight," said Roberto, once he was sure Professor Romero was out of earshot. "Peralta's going through the trapdoor tonight. He's found out everything he needs, and now he's got Dominguez out of the way. He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when Dominguez turns up."
"But what can we --"
Carolina gasped. Roberto and Diego wheeled round.
Peralta was standing there.
"Good afternoon," he said smoothly.
They stared at him.
"You shouldn't be inside on a day like this," he said, with an odd, twisted smile.
"We were --" Roberto began, without any idea what he was going to say. "You want to be more careful," said Peralta. "Hanging around
214
like this, people will think you're up to something. And Gryffindor really can't afford to lose any more points, can it?"
Roberto flushed. They turned to go outside, but Peralta called them back.
"Be warned, Gonzales -- any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled. Good day to you."
He strode off in the direction of the staffroom. Out on the stone steps, Roberto turned to the others.
"Right, here's what we've got to do," he whispered urgently. "One of us has got to keep an eye on Peralta -- wait outside the staff room and follow him if he leaves it. Carolina, you'd better do that."
"Why me?"
"It's obvious," said Diego. "You can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know." He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor Flitwick, I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong....'"
"Oh, shut up," said Carolina, but she agreed to go and watch out for Peralta.
"And we'd better stay outside the third-floor corridor," Roberto told Diego. "Come on."
But that part of the plan didn't work. No sooner had they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor Romero turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.
"I suppose you think you're harder to get past than a pack of
enchantments!" she stormed. "Enough of this nonsense! If I hear you 've come anywhere near here again, I'll take another fifty points from
Gryffindor! Yes, Lopez, from my own house!" Roberto and Diego went back to the common room, Roberto had just said, "At least Carolina's on Peralta's
tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Carolina came
in.
"I'm sorry, Roberto!" she wailed. "Peralta came out and asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Peralta went to get him,
215
and I've only just got away, I don't know where Peralta went."
"Well, that's it then, isn't it?" Roberto said.
The other two stared at him. He was pale and his eyes were glittering.
"I'm going out of here tonight and I'm going to try and get to the Stone first."
"You're mad!" said Diego.
"You can't!" said Carolina. "After what Romero and Peralta have said? You'll be expelled!"
"SO WHAP" Roberto shouted. "Don't you understand? If Peralta gets hold of the Stone, Salvador's coming back! Haven't you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? There won't be any Hogwarts to get expelled from! He'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark
Arts! Losing points doesn't matter anymore, can't you see? D'you think he'll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the house
cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to
go back to the Carrizos and wait for Salvador to find me there, it's
only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over
to the Dark Side! I'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing
you two say is going to stop me! Salvador killed my parents, remember?"
He glared at them.
"You're right Roberto," said Carolina in a small voice.
"I'll use the invisibility cloak," said Roberto. "It's just lucky I got it back."
"But will it cover all three of us?" said Diego.
"All -- all three of us?"
"Oh, come off it, you don't think we'd let you go alone?"
"Of course not," said Carolina briskly. "How do you think you'd get to the Stone without us? I'd better go and took through my books, there might be something useful..."
216
"But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too."
"Not if I can help it," said Carolina grimly. "Flitwick told me in secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. They're not throwing me out after that."
After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in the common room. Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to Roberto any more, after all. This was the first night he hadn't been upset by it. Carolina was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Roberto and Diego didn't talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.
Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.
"Better get the cloak," Diego muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning. Roberto ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Villalba had given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on Fluffy -- he didn't feel much like singing.
He ran back down to the common room.
"We'd better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us -- if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own --"
"What are you doing?" said a voice from the corner of the room. Mauricio appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he'd been making another bid for freedom.
"Nothing, Mauricio, nothing," said Roberto, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.
Mauricio stared at their guilty faces. "You're going out again," he said.
"No, no, no," said Carolina. "No, we're not. Why don't you go to bed, Mauricio?"
Roberto looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldn't afford
to waste any more time, Peralta might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
217
"You can't go out," said Mauricio, "you'll be caught again. Gryffindor will be in even more trouble."
"You don't understand," said Roberto, "this is important."
But Mauricio was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.
I won't let you do it," he said, hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole. "I'll -- I'll fight you!"
"Mauricio, "Diego exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot --"
"Don't you call me an idiot!" said Mauricio. I don't think you should be breaking any more rules! And you were the one who told me to stand up to people!"
"Yes, but not to us," said Diego in exasperation. "Mauricio, you don't know what you're doing."
He took a step forward and Mauricio dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight.
"Go on then, try and hit me!" said Mauricio, raising his fists. "I'm ready!"
Roberto turned to Carolina.
"Do something," he said desperately.
Carolina stepped forward.
"Mauricio," she said, "I'm really, really sorry about this." She raised her wand.
"Petrificus Totalus!" she cried, pointing it at Mauricio.
Mauricio's arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face,
stiff as a board.
218
Carolina ran to turn him over. Mauricio's jaws were jammed together so he couldn't speak. Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.
"What've you done to him?" Roberto whispered.
"It's the full Body-Bind," said Carolina miserably. "Oh, Mauricio, I'm so sorry."
"We had to, Mauricio, no time to explain," said Roberto.
"You'll understand later, Mauricio," said Diego as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak.
But leaving Mauricio lying motionless on the floor didn't feel like a very good omen. In their nervous state, every statue's shadow looked like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping down on them. At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.
"Oh, let's kick her, just this once," Diego whispered in Roberto's ear, but Roberto shook his head. As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn't do anything.
They didn't meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the third floor. Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would trip.
"Who's there?" he said suddenly as they climbed toward him. He narrowed his wicked black eyes. "Know you're there, even if I can't see you. Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?"
He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.
"Should call Filch, I should, if something's a-creeping around unseen."
Roberto had a sudden idea.
"Peeves," he said, in a hoarse whisper, "the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible."
Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught himself in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs.
219
"So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, Sir," he said greasily. "My mistake, my mistake -- I didn't see you -- of course I didn't, you're invisible -- forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir."
"I have business here, Peeves," croaked Roberto. "Stay away from this place tonight."
"I will, sir, I most certainly will," said Peeves, rising up in the air again. "Hope your business goes well, Baron, I'll not bother you."
And he scooted off
"Brilliant, Roberto!" whispered Diego.
A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor -- and the door was already ajar.
"Well, there you are," Roberto said quietly, "Peralta's already got past Fluffy."
Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them. Underneath the cloak, Roberto turned to the other two.
"If you want to go back, I won't blame you," he said. "You can take the cloak, I won't need it now."
"Don't be stupid," said Diego. "We're coming," said Carolina. Roberto pushed the door open.
As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears. All three of the dog's noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it couldn't see them.
"What's that at its feet?" Carolina whispered.
"Looks like a harp," said Diego. "Peralta must have left it there."
"It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Roberto. "Well, here goes..."
220
He put Villalba's flute to his lips and blew. It wasn't really a tune, but from the first note the beast's eyes began to droop. Roberto hardly drew breath. Slowly, the dog's growls ceased -- it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.
"Keep playing," Diego warned Roberto as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor. They could feel the dog's hot, smelly breath as they approached the giant heads. "I think we'll be able to pull the door open," said Diego, peering over the dog's back. "Want to go first, Carolina?"
"No, I don't!"
"All right." Diego gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dog's legs. He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.
"What can you see?" Carolina said anxiously.
"Nothing -- just black -- there's no way of climbing down, we'll just have to drop."
Roberto, who was still playing the flute, waved at Diego to get his attention and pointed at himself.
"You want to go first? Are you sure?" said Diego. "I don't know how deep this thing goes. Give the flute to Carolina so she can keep him asleep."
Roberto handed the flute over. In the few seconds' silence, the dog growled and twitched, but the moment Carolina began to play, it fell back into its deep sleep.
Roberto climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor. There was no sign of the bottom.
He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his fingertips. Then he looked up at Diego and said, "If anything happens to me, don't follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dominguez, right?"
"Right," said Diego.
221
"See you in a minute, I hope...
And Roberto let go. Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down, down and -- FLUMP. With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on something soft. He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the gloom. It felt as though he was sitting on some sort of plant.
"It's okay!" he called up to the light the size of a postage stamp, which was the open trapdoor, "it's a soft landing, you can jump!"
Diego followed right away. He landed, sprawled next to Roberto. "What's this stuff?" were his first words.
"Dunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose it's here to break the fall. Come on, Carolina!"
The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog, but Carolina had already jumped. She landed on Roberto's other side.
"We must be miles under the school , she said. "Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said Diego. "Lucky!" shrieked Carolina. "Look at you both!"
She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She had to struggle because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles. As for Roberto and Diego, their legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.
Carolina had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on her. Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster
the plant wound around them.
"Stop moving!" Carolina ordered them. "I know what this is -- it's Devil's Snare!"
"Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled Diego, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck. "Shut up, I'm trying to remember how to kill it!" said Carolina.
222
"Well, hurry up, I can't breathe!" Roberto gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.
"Devil's Snare, Devil's Snare... what did Professor Sprout say? -- it likes the dark and the damp
"So light a fire!" Roberto choked.
"Yes -- of course -- but there's no wood!" Carolina cried, wringing her hands.
"HAVE YOU GONE MAD?" Diego bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?"
"Oh, right!" said Carolina, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Peralta at the plant. In a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth. Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.
"Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Carolina," said Roberto as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.
"Yeah," said Diego, "and lucky Roberto doesn't lose his head in a crisis -- 'there's no wood,' honestly."
"This way," said Roberto, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward.
All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls. The passageway sloped downward, and Roberto was reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant jolt of the heart,
he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards' bank. If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert had been bad enough...
"Can you hear something?" Diego whispered.
Roberto listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.
"Do you think it's a ghost?"
223
"I don't know... sounds like wings to me."
"There's light ahead -- I can see something moving."
They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them. It was full of small, jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door.
"Do you think they'll attack us if we cross the room?" said Diego.
"Probably," said Roberto. "They don't look very vicious, but I suppose if they all swooped down at once... well, there's no other choice... I'll run."
He took a deep breath, covered his face with his arms, and sprinted
across the room. He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at
him any second, but nothing happened. He reached the door untouched. He pulled the handle, but it was locked.
The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn't budge, not even when Carolina tried her Alohomora charm.
"Now what?" said Diego.
"These birds... they can't be here just for decoration," said Carolina. They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering -- glittering?
"They're not birds!" Roberto said suddenly. "They're keys! Winged keys -- look carefully. So that must mean..." he looked around the chamber while the other two squinted up at the flock of keys. "... yes -- look! Broomsticks! We've got to catch the key to the door!"
"But there are hundreds of them!" Diego examined the lock on the door.
"We're looking for a big, old-fashioned one -- probably silver, like the handle."
They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys. They grabbed and snatched, but the
224
bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to catch one.
Not for nothing, though, was Roberto the youngest Seeker in a century. He had a knack for spotting things other people didn't. After a minute's weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole.
"That one!" he called to the others. "That big one -- there -- no, there -- with bright blue wings -- the feathers are all crumpled on one side."
Diego went speeding in the direction that Roberto was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.
"We've got to close in on it!" Roberto called, not taking his eyes off the
key with the damaged wing. "Diego, you come at it from above -- Carolina, stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it. Right, NOW!"
Diego dived, Carolina rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Roberto streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Roberto leaned forward and
with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one
hand. Diego and Carolina's cheers echoed around the high chamber.
They landed quickly, and Roberto ran to the door, the key struggling in
his hand. He rammed it into the lock and turned -- it worked. The moment the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very
battered now that it had been caught twice.
"Ready?" Roberto asked the other two, his hand on the door handle. They nodded. He pulled the door open.
The next chamber was so dark they couldn't see anything at all. But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.
They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone. Facing them, way across the chamber, were the white pieces. Roberto, Diego and Carolina shivered slightly -- the towering white chessmen had no faces.
225
"Now what do we do?" Roberto whispered.
"It's obvious, isn't it?" said Diego. "We've got to play our way across the room."
Behind the white pieces they could see another door. "How?" said Carolina nervously.
"I think," said Diego, "we're going to have to be chessmen."
He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knight's horse. At once, the stone sprang to life. The horse pawed the ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Diego.
"Do we -- er -- have to join you to get across?" The black knight nodded. Diego turned to the other two.
"This needs thinking about he said. I suppose we've got to take the place of three of the black pieces...."
Roberto and Carolina stayed quiet, watching Diego think. Finally he said, "Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at chess --"
"We're not offended," said Roberto quickly. "Just tell us what to do."
"Well, Roberto, you take the place of that bishop, and Carolina, YOU 90 next to him instead of that castle."
"What about you?"
"I'm going to be a knight," said Diego.
The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Roberto, Diego, and Carolina took.
"White always plays first in chess," said Diego, peering across the board. "Yes... look..."
A white pawn had moved forward two squares.
226
Diego started to direct the black pieces. They moved silently wherever he sent them. Roberto's knees were trembling. What if they lost?
"Roberto -- move diagonally four squares to the right."
Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown.
"Had to let that happen," said Diego, looking shaken. "Leaves you free to take that bishop, Carolina, go on."
Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showed no mercy. Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall. Twice, Diego only just noticed in time that Roberto and Carolina were in danger. He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as they had lost black ones.
"We're nearly there," he muttered suddenly. "Let me think let me think..."
The white queen turned her blank face toward him.
"Yes..." said Diego softly, "It's the only way... I've got to be taken." "NOF Roberto and Carolina shouted.
"That's chess!" snapped Diego. "You've got to make some sacrifices! I take one step forward and she'll take me -- that leaves you free to checkmate the king, Roberto!"
"But --"
"Do you want to stop Peralta or not?"
"Diego --"
"Look, if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the Stone!"
There was no alternative.
"Ready?" Diego called, his face pale but determined. "Here I go - now,
227
don't hang around once you've won."
He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced. She struck Diego hard across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor -
Carolina screamed but stayed on her square - the white queen dragged Diego to one side. He looked as if he'd been knocked out.
Shaking, Roberto moved three spaces to the left.
The white king took off his crown and threw it at Roberto's feet. They had won. The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With one last desperate look back at Diego, Roberto and Carolina charged through the door and up the next passageway.
"What if he's --?"
"He'll be all right," said Roberto, trying to convince himself. "What do you reckon's next?"
"We've had Sprout's, that was the Devil's Snare; Flitwick must've put charms on the keys; Romero transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell's spell, and Peralta's."
They had reached another door. "All right?" Roberto whispered. "Go on."
Roberto pushed it open.
A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses. Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.
"I'm glad we didn't have to fight that one," Roberto whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs. "Come on, I can't breathe."
He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
228
"Peralta's," said Roberto. "What do we have to do?"
They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway. It wasn't ordinary fire either; it was purple. At
the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward. They were trapped.
"Look!" Carolina seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Roberto looked over her shoulder to read it:
Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,
Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,
One among us seven will let you move ahead,
Another will transport the drinker back instead,
Two among our number hold only nettle wine,
Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.
Paulaose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,
To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four: First, however slyly the poison tries to hide
You will always find some on nettle wine's left side; Second, different are those who stand at either end,
But if you would move onward, neither is your friend; Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,
Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;
Fourth, the second left and the second on the right
Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.
229
Carolina let out a great sigh and Roberto, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.
"Brilliant," said Carolina. "This isn't magic -- it's logic -- a puzzle. A lot of the greatest wizards haven't got an ounce of logic, they'd be stuck in here forever."
"But so will we, won't we?" "Of course not," said Carolina. "Everything we need is here on this paper. Seven bottles: three are poison; two are wine; one will get us safely through the black fire, and one will get us back through the purple."
"But how do we know which to drink?" "Give me a minute."
Carolina read the paper several times. Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them. At last, she clapped her hands.
"Got it," she said. "The smallest bottle will get us through the black fire -- toward the Stone."
Roberto looked at the tiny bottle.
"There's only enough there for one of us," he said. "That's hardly one swallow."
They looked at each other.
"Which one will get you back through the purple flames?" Carolina pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.
"You drink that," said Roberto. "No, listen, get back and get Diego. Grab brooms from the flying- key room, they'll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dominguez, we need him. I might be able to hold Peralta off for a while, but I'm no match for him, really."
"But Roberto -- what if You-Know-Who's with him?"
"Well -- I was lucky once, wasn't I?" said Roberto, pointing at his scar.
230
"I might get lucky again."
Carolina's lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Roberto and threw her arms around him.
"Carolina!"
"Roberto -- you're a great wizard, you know."
"I'm not as good as you," said Roberto, very embarrassed, as she let go of him.
"Me!" said Carolina. "Books! And cleverness! There are more important things -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Roberto -- be careful!"
"You drink first," said Roberto. "You are sure which is which, aren't you?"
"Positive," said Carolina. She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered.
"It's not poison?" said Roberto anxiously. "No -- but it's like ice."
"Quick, go, before it wears off." "Good luck -- take care."
"GO!"
Carolina turned and walked straight through the purple fire.
Roberto took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle. He turned to face the black flames.
"Here I come," he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.
It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body. He put the bottle
down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking his body, but couldn't feel them -- for a moment he could see nothing
but dark fire -- then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.
231
There was already someone there -- but it wasn't Peralta. It wasn't even V oldemort.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
THE MAN WITH TWO FACES
It was Quirrell.
"You!" gasped Roberto.
Quirrell smiled. His face wasn't twitching at all.
"Me," he said calmly. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here, Gonzales."
"But I thought -- Peralta --"
"Carlos?" Quirrell laughed, and it wasn't his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp. "Yes, Carlos does seem the type, doesn't
he? So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown bat. Next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?"
Roberto couldn't take it in. This couldn't be true, it couldn't. "But Peralta tried to kill me!"
"No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Fernandez accidentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Peralta at that Quidditch match. She broke my eye contact with you. Another few seconds and I'd have got you off that broom. I'd have managed it before then if Peralta hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you."
"Peralta was trying to save me?"
"Of course," said Quirrell coolly. "\Why do you think he wanted to referee your next match? He was trying to make sure I didn't do it
again. Funny, really... he needn't have bothered. I couldn't do anything with Dominguez watching. All the other teachers thought Peralta was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular... and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'm going to kill you tonight."
232
Quirrell snapped his fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Roberto.
"You're too nosy to live, Gonzales. Scurrying around the school on Halloween like that, for all I knew you'd seen me coming to look at what was guarding the Stone."
"You let the troll in?"
"Certainly. I have a special gift with trolls -- you must have seen what I did to the one in the chamber back there? Unfortunately, while everyone else was running around looking for it, Peralta, who already suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog didn't even manage to bite Peralta's leg off properly.
"Now, wait quietly, Gonzales. I need to examine this interesting mirror.
It was only then that Roberto realized what was standing behind Quirrell. It was the Mirror of Erised.
"This mirror is the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured, tapping his way around the frame. "Trust Dominguez to come up with something like this... but he's in London... I'll be far away by the
time he gets back...."
All Roberto could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him from concentrating on the mirror.
"I saw you and Peralta in the forest --" he blurted out.
"Yes," said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the back. "He was on to me by that time, trying to find out how far I'd got. He suspected me all along. Tried to frighten me - as though he could, when I had Lord Salvador on my side...."
Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it.
"I see the Stone... I'm presenting it to my master... but where is it?" Roberto struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn't give. He
233
had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.
"But Peralta always seemed to hate me so much."
"Oh, he does," said Quirrell casually, "heavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts with your father, didn't you know? They loathed each other. But he never wanted you dead."
"But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing -- I thought Peralta was threatening you...."
For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell's face.
"Sometimes," he said, "I find it hard to follow my master's instructions -- he is a great wizard and I am weak --"
"You mean he was there in the classroom with you?" Roberto gasped.
"He is with me wherever I go," said Quirrell quietly. "I met him when I traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then, full of
ridiculous ideas about good and evil. Lord Salvador showed me how wrong I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too
weak to seek it.... Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I have let him down many times. He has had to be very hard on me." Quirrell shivered suddenly. "He does not forgive mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased. He punished me... decided he would have to keep a closer watch on me...."
Quirrell's voice trailed away. Roberto was remembering his trip to Diagon Alley -how could he have been so stupid? He'd seen Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.
Quirrell cursed under his breath.
"I don't understand... is the Stone inside the mirror? Should I break it?"
Roberto's mind was racing.
What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does. So if I look in the mirror, I should see myseff finding it -- which means I'll see where it's hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what I'm up
234
to?
He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without
Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored him. He was still talking to
himself. "What does this mirror do? How does it work? Help me, Master!"
And to Roberto's horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come from Quirrell himself
"Use the boy... Use the boy..."
Quirrell rounded on Roberto.
"Yes -- Gonzales -- come here."
He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Roberto fell off. Roberto got slowly to his feet.
"Come here," Quirrell repeated. "Look in the mirror and tell me what you see."
Roberto walked toward him.
I must lie, he thought desperately. I must look and lie about what I see, that's all.
Quirrell moved close behind him. Roberto breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from Quirrell's turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again.
He saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first. But a moment later, the reflection smiled at him. It put its hand into its pocket and pulled out a blood-red stone. It winked and put the Stone back in its pocket -- and as it did so, Roberto felt something heavy drop into his real pocket. Somehow -- incredibly -- he'd gotten the Stone.
"Well?" said Quirrell impatiently. "What do you see?" Roberto screwed up his courage.
"I see myself shaking hands with Dominguez," he invented. "I -- I've won the house cup for Gryffindor."
235
Quirrell cursed again.
"Get out of the way," he said. As Roberto moved aside, he felt the Sorcerer's Stone against his leg. Dare he make a break for it?
But he hadn't walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though Quirrell wasn't moving his lips.
"He lies... He lies..."
"Gonzales, come back here!" Quirrell shouted. "Tell me the truth! What did you just see?"
The high voice spoke again.
"Let me speak to him... face-to-face..." "Master, you are not strong enough!" "I have strength enough... for this...."
Roberto felt as if Devil's Snare was rooting him to the spot. He couldn't move a muscle. Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap his turban. What was going on? The turban fell away. Quirrell's head looked strangely small without it. Then he turned slowly on the spot.
Roberto would have screamed, but he couldn't make a sound. Where there should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was a face, the most terrible face Roberto had ever seen. It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.
"Roberto Gonzales..." it whispered.
Roberto tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn't move.
"See what I have become?" the face said. "Mere shadow and vapor ... I have form only when I can share another's body... but there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds.... Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks... you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the forest... and once I have the Elixir of Life,
I will be able to create a body of my own.... Now... why don't you give
236
me that Stone in your pocket?"
So he knew. The feeling suddenly surged back into Roberto's legs. He stumbled backward.
"Don't be a fool," snarled the face. "Better save your own life and join me... or you'll meet the same end as your parents.... They died begging me for mercy..."
"LIAR!" Roberto shouted suddenly.
Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Salvador could still see him. The evil face was now smiling.
"How touching..." it hissed. "I always value bravery... Yes, boy, your parents were brave.... I killed your father first; and he put up a courageous fight... but your mother needn't have died... she was trying to protect you.... Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain."
"NEVER!"
Roberto sprang toward the flame door, but Salvador screamed "SEIZE HIM!" and the next second, Roberto felt Quirrell's hand close on his wrist. At
once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Roberto's scar; his head felt as
though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his
might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering before his eyes.
"Seize him! SEIZE HIM!" shrieked Salvador again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Roberto clean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands around Roberto's neck -- Roberto's scar was almost blinding him with pain,
yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
"Master, I cannot hold him -- my hands -- my hands!"
And Quirrell, though pinning Roberto to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms -- Roberto could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.
"Then kill him, fool, and be done!" screeched Salvador.
237
Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Roberto, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell's face --
"AAAARGH!"
Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Roberto knew: Quirrell couldn't touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible
pain -- his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.
Roberto jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as
tight as he could. Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Roberto off -- the
pain in Roberto's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only
hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Salvador's yells of, "KILL HIM! KILL HIM!" and other voices, maybe in Roberto's own head, crying, "Roberto! Roberto!"
He felt Quirrell's arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, down ... down... down...
Something gold was glinting just above him. The Snitch! He tried to catch it, but his arms were too heavy.
He blinked. It wasn't the Snitch at all. It was a pair of glasses. How strange.
He blinked again. The smiling face of Alfonso Dominguez swam into view above him.
"Good afternoon, Roberto," said Dominguez. Roberto stared at him. Then he remembered: "Sir! The Stone! It was Quirrell! He's got the Stone! Sir, quick --"
"Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said Dominguez. "Quirrell does not have the Stone."
"Then who does? Sir, I --"
"Roberto, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.
Roberto swallowed and looked around him. He realized he must be in the hospital wing. He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next
238
to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.
"Tokens from your friends and admirers," said Dominguez, beaming. "What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your friends Misters Pablo and Luis Lopez were responsible for trying to
send you a toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confiscated
it."
"How long have I been in here?"
"Three days. Mr. Diegoald Lopez and Miss Fernandez will be most relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried."
"But sit, the Stone
I see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the Stone. Professor Quirrell did not manage to take it from you. I arrived in time to
prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.
"You got there? You got Carolina's owl?"
"We must have crossed in midair. No sooner had I reached London than it became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just
left. I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you."
"It was you."
"I feared I might be too late."
"You nearly were, I couldn't have kept him off the Stone much longer --"
"Not the Stone, boy, you -- the effort involved nearly killed you. For one terrible moment there, I was afraid it had. As for the Stone, it has been destroyed."
"Destroyed?" said Roberto blankly. "But your friend -- Nicolas Flamel --"
"Oh, you know about Nicolas?" said Dominguez, sounding quite delighted. "You did do the thing properly, didn't you? Well, Nicolas and I have had
a little chat, and agreed it's all for the best."
239
"But that means he and his wife will die, won't they?"
"They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they will die."
Dominguez smiled at the look of amazement on Roberto's face.
"To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas
and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long
day. After all, to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. You know, the Stone was really not such a wonderful thing. As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all -- the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them." Roberto lay
there, lost for words. Dominguez hummed a little and smiled at the ceiling.
"Sir?" said Roberto. "I've been thinking... sir -- even if the Stone's gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know- Who --"
"Call him Salvador, Roberto. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself."
"Yes, sir. Well, Salvador's going to try other ways of coming back, isn't he? I mean, he hasn't gone, has he?"
"No, Roberto, he has not. He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking for another body to share... not being truly alive, he cannot be killed.
He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to his followers
as his enemies. Nevertheless, Roberto, while you may only have delayed his return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to
fight what seems a losing battle next time -- and if he is delayed again, and again, why, he may never return to power."
Roberto nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made his head hurt. Then he said, "Sir, there are some other things I'd like to know, if you can tell me... things I want to know the truth about...."
"The truth." Dominguez sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution. However, I shall answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which case I beg you'll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie."
240
"Well... Salvador said that he only killed my mother because she tried to stop him from killing me. But why would he want to kill me in the first place?"
Dominguez sighed very deeply this time.
"Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not today. Not now. You will know, one day... put it from your mind for now, Roberto. When you are older... I know you hate to hear this... when you are ready, you will know."
And Roberto knew it would be no good to argue. "But why couldn't Quirrell touch me?"
"Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing Salvador cannot understand, it is love. He didn't realize that love as powerful as your mother's for you leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign... to have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell,
full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Salvador, could not touch you for this reason. It was agony to touch a person marked by something so good."
Dominguez now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, which gave Roberto time to dry his eyes on the sheet. When he had found his voice again, Roberto said, "And the invisibility cloak - do you know who sent it to me?"
"Ah - your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought you might like it." Dominguez's eyes twinkled. "Useful things... your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food when he was here."
"And there's something else..." "Fire away."
"Quirrell said Peralta --"
"Professor Peralta, Roberto." "Yes, him -- Quirrell said he hates me because he hated my father. Is that true?"
241
"Well, they did rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself and Mr. Sosa. And then, your father did something Peralta could never forgive."
"What?"
"He saved his life." "What?"
"Yes..." said Dominguez dreamily. "Funny, the way people's minds work, isn't it? Professor Peralta couldn't bear being in your father's debt....
I do believe he worked so hard to protect you this year because he felt
that would make him and your father even. Then he could go back to hating your father's memory in peace...."
Roberto tried to understand this but it made his head pound, so he stopped.
"And sir, there's one more thing..."
"Just the one?"
"How did I get the Stone out of the mirror?"
"Ah, now, I'm glad you asked me that. It was one of my more brilliant ideas, and between you and me, that's saying something. You see, only one who wanted to find the Stone -- find it, but not use it -- would be
able to get it, otherwise they'd just see themselves making gold or drinking Elixir of Life. My brain surprises even me sometimes.... Now, enough questions. I suggest you make a start on these sweets. Ah! Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomitflavored one, and since then I'm afraid I've rather lost
my liking for them -- but I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee, don't you?"
He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth. Then he choked and said, "Alas! Ear wax!"
Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict. "Just five minutes," Roberto pleaded.
"Absolutely not."
242
"You let Professor Dominguez in..."
"Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different. You need rest."
"I am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on, Madam Pomfrey..."
"Oh, very well," she said. "But five minutes only."
And she let Diego and Carolina in.
"Roberto!"
Carolina looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Roberto was glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
"Oh, Roberto, we were sure you were going to -- Dominguez was so worried --"
"The whole school's talking about it," said Diego. "What really happened?"
It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more strange and exciting than the wild rumors. Roberto told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Salvador. Diego and Carolina were a very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Roberto told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Carolina screamed out loud.
"So the Stone's gone?" said Diego finally. "Flamel's just going to die?"
"That's what I said, but Dominguez thinks that -- what was it? -- 'to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
"I always said he was off his rocker," said Diego, looking quite impressed at how crazy his hero was.
"So what happened to you two?" said Roberto.
"Well, I got back all right," said Carolina. "I brought Diego round --
that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact Dominguez when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he just said, 'Roberto's gone after him, hasn't he?' and hurtled off to the
243
third floor."
"D'you think he meant you to do it?" said Diego. "Sending you your father's cloak and everything?"
"Well, " Carolina exploded, "if he did -- I mean to say that's terrible -- you could have been killed."
"No, it isn't," said Roberto thoughtfully. "He's a funny man, Dominguez. I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows more or less everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he had a pretty good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough to help. I don't think it was an accident he let me
find out how the mirror worked. It's almost like he thought I had the right to face Salvador if I could...."
"Yeah, Dominguez's off his rocker, all right," said Diego proudly.
"Listen, you've got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow. The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course -- you missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you -- but the food'll be good."
At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.
"You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT" she said firmly.
After a good night's sleep, Roberto felt nearly back to normal.
I want to go to the feast," he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes. I can, can't I?"
"Professor Dominguez says you are to be allowed to go," she said stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dominguez didn't realize how risky feasts could be. "And you have another visitor."
"Oh, good," said Roberto. "Who is it?"
Villalba sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he was indoors, Villalba looked too big to be allowed. He sat down next to Roberto, took one look at him, and burst into tears.
"It's -- all -- my -- ruddy -- fault!" he sobbed, his face in his hands. I told the evil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told him! It was the only
244
thing he didn't know, an' I told him! Yeh could've died! All fer a dragon egg! I'll never drink again! I should be chucked out an' made ter live as a Muggle!"
"Villalba!" said Roberto, shocked to see Villalba shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard. "Villalba, he'd have found out somehow, this is Salvador we're talking about, he'd have found out even if you hadn't told him."
"Yeh could've died!" sobbed Villalba. "An' don' say the name!"
"SALVADOR!" Roberto bellowed, and Villalba was so shocked, he stopped crying. "I've met him and I'm calling him by his name. Please cheer up, Villalba, we saved the Stone, it's gone, he can't use it. Have a Paulacolate Frog, I've got loads...."
Villalba wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said, "That reminds me. I've got yeh a present."
"It's not a stoat sandwich, is it?" said Roberto anxiously, and at last Villalba gave a weak chuckle. "Nah. Dominguez gave me the day off yesterday ter fix it. 'Course, he shoulda sacked me instead -- anyway, got yeh this..."
It seemed to be a handsome, leather-covered book. Roberto opened it curiously. It was full of wizard photographs. Smiling and waving at him from every page were his mother and father.
"Sent owls off ter all yer parents' old school friends, askin' fer photos... knew yeh didn' have any... d'yeh like it?"
Roberto couldn't speak, but Villalba understood.
Roberto made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night. He had been held up by Madam Pomfrey's fussing about, insisting on giving him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full. It was decked out in the Slytherin colors of green and silver to celebrate Slytherin's winning the house cup for the seventh year in a row. A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.
When Roberto walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once. He slipped into a seat between Diego and Carolina
at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were
245
standing up to look at him.
Fortunately, Dominguez arrived moments later. The babble died away.
"Another year gone!" Dominguez said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were... you have the whole summer ahead to get
them nice and empty before next year starts....
"Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy- two."
A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table. Roberto could see Javier Sosa banging his goblet on the table. It was a sickening sight.
"Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said Dominguez. "However, recent events must be taken into account."
The room went very still. The Slytherins' smiles faded a little.
"Ahem," said Dominguez. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out. Let me see. Yes...
"First -- to Mr. Diegoald Lopez..."
Diego went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.
"...for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."
Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver. Miguel could be heard telling the other prefects, "My brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got past Romero's giant chess set!"
At last there was silence again.
"Second -- to Miss Carolina Fernandez... for the use of cool logic in the
246
face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."
Carolina buried her face in her arms; Roberto strongly suspected she had burst into tears. Gryffindors up and down the table were beside themselves -- they were a hundred points up. "Third -- to Mr. Roberto Gonzales..." said Dominguez. The room went deadly quiet for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points."
The din was deafening. Those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points -- exactly the same as Slytherin. They had tied for the house cup -- if
only Dominguez had given Roberto just one more point.
Dominguez raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent.
"There are all kinds of courage," said Dominguez, smiling. "It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Mauricio Silva."
Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted
from the Gryffindor table. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina stood up to yell and cheer as Mauricio, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging him. He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before. Roberto, still cheering, nudged Diego in the ribs and pointed at Sosa, who couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.
"Which means, Dominguez called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, "we need a little change of decoration."
He clapped his hands. In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place. Peralta was shaking Professor Romero's hand, with a horrible, forced smile. He caught Roberto's eye and Roberto knew at once that Peralta's feelings toward him hadn't changed one jot. This didn't worry Roberto. It seemed as though life would be back to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.
It was the best evening of Roberto's life, better than winning at Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls... he would
247
never, ever forget tonight.
Roberto had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did. To their great surprise, both he and Diego passed with good marks; Carolina, of course, had the best grades of the first years. Even Mauricio scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions one. They had hoped that Goyle, who was almost as stupid as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, too. It was a shame, but as Diego said, you couldn't have everything in life.
And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Mauricio's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Pablo Lopez sadly); Villalba was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.
It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wizened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didn't attract attention by all bursting out
of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.
"You must come and stay this summer," said Diego, "both of you -- I'll send you an owl."
"Thanks," said Roberto, "I'll need something to look forward to." People jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world. Some of them called:
"Bye, Roberto!"
"See you, Gonzales!"
"Still famous," said Diego, grinning at him.
"Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Roberto.
He, Diego, and Carolina passed through the gateway together. "There he is, Mom, there he is, look!"
248
It was Martina Lopez, Diego's younger sister, but she wasn't pointing at Diego.
"Roberto Gonzales!" she squealed. "Look, Mom! I can see "Be quiet, Martina, and it's rude to point."
Mrs. Lopez smiled down at them.
"Busy year?" she said.
"Very," said Roberto. "Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Lopez."
"Oh, it was nothing, dear." "Ready, are you?"
It was Uncle Francisco, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Roberto, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt Beatriz and Leonardo, looking terrified at the very sight of Roberto.
"You must be Roberto's family!" said Mrs. Lopez.
"In a manner of speaking," said Uncle Francisco. "Hurry up, boy, we haven't got all day." He walked away.
Roberto hung back for a last word with Diego and Carolina.
"See you over the summer, then."
"Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Carolina, looking uncertainly after Uncle Francisco, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant.
"Oh, I will," said Roberto, and they were surprised at the grin that was spreading over his face. "They don't know we're not allowed to use magic at home. I'm going to have a lot of fun with Leonardo this summer...."
THE END
249
