
1.What are the names of Harry Potter's parents?
James and Lilly

2. What is the name of Harry Potter's owl?
Hedwig

3. What is the name of Ron Weasley's rat?
Scabbers

4. What is the name of Hermione Granger's cat?
Crookshanks

5.What is the name of Neville Longbotton's frog throughout the Harry Potter films?
Trevor

6. What actor plays the character Cedric Digory in the fourth Harry Potter film?
Robert Pattinson

7.Who is Draco Malfoy's father?
Lucius Malfoy

8. Who is the Half-Blood Prince?
Severus Snape

9. Which actress plays Bellatrix Lestrange?
Helena Bonham Carter

10. Which spell did Harry use to kill Lord Voldemort?
Expelliarmus

11. What names were the members of James Potter's group at Hogwarts called?
The Marauders

12. What is Luna Lovegood's father's name?
Xenophilius Lovegood
‍
13. What was the reason for the unbreakable oath between Severus Snape and Narcissa Malfoy in the sixth Harry Potter film?
To protect Draco Malfoy on his mission

14. What invisible creatures pull the floats at Hogwarts?
Thestrals

15. Which people can see the Thestrals creatures?
Those who have witnessed death

16. What is the name of the driver of the night bus in the third Harry Potter film?
Ernie

17. What is the name of the first Goblin that greets Harry Potter at Gringotts bank?
Griphook
‍
18. What creature is Aragog in the magical world of Harry Potter?
Acromantula

19. What is the name of Hagrid's faithful companion and dog?
Fang

20. The 'Felifors' spell turns a cat into a what?
Cauldron

21. The tears of what animal are the only known antidote to basilisk poison?
Phoenix

22. Which of the following wizards was one of the founders of Hogwarts?
Rowena Ravenclaw

23. Who killed Dobby the elf with a knife in the first part of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows?
Bellatrix Lestrange

24. What actor was Emma Watson deeply in love with throughout the Harry Potter saga?
Tom Felton

25. What position does Harry play on his Quidditch team?
Seeker

26. What requirement did JK Rowling place on the Harry Potter production team when choosing the cast of the films?
They all had to be British

27. What spell is used to disarm another wizard?
Expeliarmus

28. What is Harry Potter's wand made of?
Phoenix Feather

29. What animal form does Luna Lovegood's patronous take?
Woodchuck

30. When was the first Harry Potter book published?
1997

31. When was the first Harry Potter film released?
2001

32. What should the user of the Marauder's Map say after using it to reset it?
Mischief done

33. How did writer JK Rowling come up with the idea for Harry Potter?
On a train ride to London

34. What street in England does the Dursley family live on?
Number 4 Privet Drive

35. What plant does Harry Potter eat in the Black Lake so he can breathe underwater in the Triwizard Tournament?
Gillyweed

36. What is the name given to the three-headed watchdog?
Fluffy

37. What magical instrument keeps the three-headed watchdog asleep?
A magic harp

38. Which of the following is NOT one of Voldemort's Horcruxes?
The Mirror of Oesed

41. How did Hermione Granger manage to attend all her classes?
Time travel

42. How does Harry catch his first Snitch?
With his mouth

43. Who impersonates Mad-Eye Moody, Harry's fourth year Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?
Barty Crouch Jr

44. How many wands did Daniel Radcliffe break on set by using them as drum sticks?
More than 80

45. What is the name of Hagrid's giant?
Grawp

46. The Boxing Willow was a gift from Albus Dumbledore to protect the school. True or False?
False

47. What item of clothing did Harry Potter give Dobby to be free?
A sock

48. What do the initials R.A.B on the Horcrux kept by Albus Dumbledore stand for?
Regulus Arcturus Black

49. What is “The Quibller”?
A newspaper

50. What is the name of the candy store near Hogwarts?
Honeydukes