
1.What are the names of Roberto Gonzales's parents?
Ricardo and Lilly

2. What is the name of Roberto Gonzales's owl?
Hedwig

3. What is the name of Diego Lopez's rat?
Scabbers

4. What is the name of Carolina Fernandez's cat?
Crookshanks

5.What is the name of Mauricio Longbotton's frog throughout the Roberto Gonzales films?
Trevor

6. What actor plays the character Nicolas Digory in the fourth Roberto Gonzales film?
Robert Pattinson

7.Who is Javier Sosa's father?
Mariano Sosa

8. Who is the Half-Blood Prince?
Carlos Peralta

9. Which actress plays Miranda Gimenez?
Helena Bonham Carter

10. Which spell did Roberto use to kill Lord Salvador?
Expelliarmus

11. What names were the members of Ricardo Gonzales's group at Hogwarts called?
The Marauders

12. What is Gabriela Ortiz's father's name?
Xenophilius Ortiz
‍
13. What was the reason for the unbreakable oath between Carlos Peralta and Julia Sosa in the sixth Roberto Gonzales film?
To protect Javier Sosa on his mission

14. What invisible creatures pull the floats at Hogwarts?
Thestrals

15. Which people can see the Thestrals creatures?
Those who have witnessed death

16. What is the name of the driver of the night bus in the third Roberto Gonzales film?
Ernie

17. What is the name of the first Goblin that greets Roberto Gonzales at Gringotts bank?
Griphook
‍
18. What creature is Aragog in the magical world of Roberto Gonzales?
Acromantula

19. What is the name of Villalba's faithful companion and dog?
Fang

20. The 'Felifors' spell turns a cat into a what?
Cauldron

21. The tears of what animal are the only known antidote to basilisk poison?
Phoenix

22. Which of the following wizards was one of the founders of Hogwarts?
Rowena Ravenclaw

23. Who killed Dobby the elf with a knife in the first part of Roberto Gonzales and the Deathly Hallows?
Miranda Gimenez

24. What actor was Emma Watson deeply in love with throughout the Roberto Gonzales saga?
Oscar Felton

25. What position does Roberto play on his Quidditch team?
Seeker

26. What requirement did JK Rowling place on the Roberto Gonzales production team when choosing the cast of the films?
They all had to be British

27. What spell is used to disarm another wizard?
Expeliarmus

28. What is Roberto Gonzales's wand made of?
Phoenix Feather

29. What animal form does Gabriela Ortiz's patronous take?
Woodchuck

30. When was the first Roberto Gonzales book published?
1997

31. When was the first Roberto Gonzales film released?
2001

32. What should the user of the Marauder's Map say after using it to reset it?
Mischief done

33. How did writer JK Rowling come up with the idea for Roberto Gonzales?
On a train ride to London

34. What street in England does the Carrizo family live on?
Number 4 Privet Drive

35. What plant does Roberto Gonzales eat in the Martinez Lake so he can breathe underwater in the Triwizard Tournament?
Gillyweed

36. What is the name given to the three-headed watchdog?
Fluffy

37. What magical instrument keeps the three-headed watchdog asleep?
A magic harp

38. Which of the following is NOT one of Salvador's Horcruxes?
The Mirror of Oesed

41. How did Carolina Fernandez manage to attend all her classes?
Time travel

42. How does Roberto catch his first Snitch?
With his mouth

43. Who impersonates Mad-Eye Acosta, Roberto's fourth year Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?
Barty Crouch Jr

44. How many wands did Daniel Radcliffe break on set by using them as drum sticks?
More than 80

45. What is the name of Villalba's giant?
Grawp

46. The Boxing Willow was a gift from Alfonso Dominguez to protect the school. True or False?
False

47. What item of clothing did Roberto Gonzales give Dobby to be free?
A sock

48. What do the initials R.A.B on the Horcrux kept by Alfonso Dominguez stand for?
Regulus Arcturus Martinez

49. What is “The Quibller”?
A newspaper

50. What is the name of the candy store near Hogwarts?
Honeydukes