Roberto Gonzales and the Prisoner of Azkaban
　　by J.K. Rowling
　　CHAPTER ONE
　　OWL POST
　　Roberto Gonzales was a highly unusual boy in many ways. For one thing, he hated the summer holidays more than any other time of year. For another, he really wanted to do his homework but was forced to do it in secret, in the dead of night. And he also happened to be a wizard.
　　It was nearly midnight, and he was lying on his stomach in bed, the blankets drawn right over his head like a tent, a flashlight in one hand and a large leather-bound book (A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot) propped open against the pillow. Roberto moved the tip of his eagle-feather quill down the page, frowning as he looked for something that would help him write his essay, "Witch Burning in the Fourteenth Century Was Completely Pointless discuss."
　　The quill paused at the top of a likely-looking paragraph. Roberto Pushed his round glasses up the bridge of his nose, moved his flashlight closer to the book, and read:
　　Non-magic people (more commonly known as Muggles) were particularly afraid of magic in medieval times, but not very good at recognizing it. On the rare occasion that they did catch a real witch or wizard, burning had no effect whatsoever. The witch or wizard would perform a basic Flame Freezing Charm and then pretend to shriek with pain while enjoying a gentle, tickling sensation. Indeed, Wendelin the Weird enjoyed being burned so much that she allowed herself to be caught no less than fortyseven times in various disguises.
　　Roberto put his quill between his teeth and reached underneath his pillow for his ink bottle and a roll of parchment. Slowly and very carefully he unscrewed the ink bottle, dipped his quill into it, and began to write, pausing every now and then to listen, because if any of the Carrizos heard the scratching of his quill on their way to the bathroom, he'd probably find himself locked in the cupboard under the stairs for the rest of the summer.
　　The Carrizo family of number four, Privet Drive, was the reason that Roberto never enjoyed his summer holidays. Uncle Francisco, Aunt Beatriz, and their son, Leonardo, were Roberto's only living relatives. They were Muggles, and they had a very medieval attitude toward magic. Roberto's dead parents, who had been a witch and wizard themselves, were never mentioned under the Carrizos' roof For years, Aunt Beatriz and Uncle Francisco had hoped that if they kept Roberto as downtrodden as possible, they would be able to squash the magic out of him. To their fury, they had been unsuccessful. These days they lived in terror of anyone finding out that Roberto had spent most of the last two years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The most they could do, however, was to lock away Roberto's spellbooks, wand, cauldron, and broomstick at the start of the summer break, and forbid him to talk to the neighbors.
　　This separation from his spellbooks had been a real problem for Roberto, because his teachers at Hogwarts had given him a lot of holiday work. One of the essays, a particularly nasty one about shrinking potions, was for Roberto's least favorite teacher, Professor Peralta, who would be delighted to have an excuse to give Roberto detention for a month. Roberto had therefore seized his chance in the first week of the holidays. While Uncle Francisco, Aunt Beatriz, and Leonardo had gone out into the front garden to admire Uncle Francisco's new company car (in very loud voices, so that the rest of the street would notice it too), Roberto had crept downstairs, picked the lock on the cupboard under the stairs, grabbed some of his books, and hidden them in his bedroom. As long as he didn't leave spots of ink on the sheets, the Carrizos need never know that he was studying magic by night.
　　Roberto was particularly keen to avoid trouble with his aunt and uncle at the moment, as they were already in an especially bad mood with him, all because he'd received a telephone call from a fellow wizard one week into the school vacation.
　　Diego Lopez, who was one of Roberto's best friends at Hogwarts, came from a whole family of wizards. This meant that he knew a lot of things Roberto didn't, but had never used a telephone before. Most unluckily, it had been Uncle Francisco who had answered the call.
　　"Francisco Carrizo speaking."
　　Roberto, who happened to be in the room at the time, froze as he heard Diego's voice answer.
　　"HELLO? HELLO? CAN YOU HEAR ME? I -- WANT -- TO -- TALK -- TO -- ROBERTO -- GONZALES!"
　　Diego was yelling so loudly that Uncle Francisco jumped and held the receiver a foot away from his ear, staring at it with an expression of mingled fury and alarm.
　　"WHO IS THIS?" he roared in the direction of the mouthpiece. "WHO ARE YOU?"
　　"DIEGO -- LOPEZ!" Diego bellowed back, as though he and Uncle Francisco were speaking from opposite ends of a football field. "I'M -- A -- FRIEND -- OF -- ROBERTO'S -- FROM -- SPAULAOL --"
　　Uncle Francisco's small eyes swiveled around to Roberto, who was rooted to the spot.
　　"THERE IS NO ROBERTO GONZALES HERE!" he roared, now holding the receiver at arm's length, as though frightened it might explode. "I DON'T KNOW WHAT SPAULAOL YOURE TALKING ABOUT! NEVER CONTACT ME AGAIN! DON'T YOU COME NEAR MY FAMILY!"
　　And he threw the receiver back onto the telephone as if dropping a poisonous spider.
　　The fight that had followed had been one of the worst ever.
　　"HOW DARE YOU GIVE THIS NUMBER TO PEOPLE LIKE -- PEOPLE LIKE YOU!" Uncle Francisco had roared, spraying Roberto with spit.
　　Diego obviously realized that he'd gotten Roberto into trouble, because he hadn't called again. Roberto's other best friend from Hogwarts, Carolina Fernandez, hadn't been in touch either. Roberto suspected that Diego had warned Carolina not to call, which was a pity, because Carolina, the cleverest witch in Roberto's year, had Muggle parents, knew perfectly well how to use a telephone, and would probably have had enough sense not to say that she went to Hogwarts.
　　So Roberto had had no word from any of his wizarding friends for five long weeks, and this summer was turning out to be almost as bad as the last one. There was just one very small improvement -- after swearing that he wouldn't use her to send letters to any of his friends, Roberto had been allowed to let his owl, Hedwig, out at night. Uncle Francisco had given in because of the racket Hedwig made if she was locked in her cage all the time.
　　Roberto finished writing about Wendelin the Weird and paused to listen again. The silence in the dark house was broken only by the distant, grunting snores of his enormous cousin, Leonardo. It must be very late, Roberto thought. His eyes were itching with tiredness. Perhaps he'd finish this essay tomorrow night....
　　He replaced the top of the ink bottle; pulled an old pillowcase from under his bed; put the flashlight, A History of Magic, his essay, quill, and ink inside it; got out of bed; and hid the lot under a loose floorboard under his bed. Then he stood up, stretched, and checked the time on the luminous alarm clock on his bedside table.
　　It was one o'clock in the morning. Roberto's stomach gave a funny jolt. He had been thirteen years old, without realizing it, for a whole hour.
　　Yet another unusual thing about Roberto was how little he looked forward to his birthdays. He had never received a birthday card in his life. The Carrizos had completely ignored his last two birthdays, and he had no reason to suppose they would remember this one.
　　Roberto walked across the dark room, past Hedwig's large, empty cage, to the open window. He leaned on the sill, the cool night air pleasant on his face after a long time under the blankets. Hedwig had been absent for two nights now. Roberto wasn't worried about her: she'd been gone this long before. But he hoped she'd be back soon -- she was the only living creature in this house who didn't flinch at the sight of him.
　　Roberto, though still rather small and skinny for his age, had grown a few inches over the last year. His jet-black hair, however, was just as it always had been -- stubbornly untidy, whatever he did to it. The eyes behind his glasses were bright green, and on his forehead, clearly visible through his hair, was a thin scar, shaped like a bolt of lightning.
　　Of all the unusual things about Roberto, this scar was the most extraordinary of all. It was not, as the Carrizos had pretended for ten years, a souvenir of the car crash that had killed Roberto's parents, because Sofia and Ricardo Gonzales had not died in a car crash. They had been murdered, murdered by the most feared Dark wizard for a hundred years, Lord Salvador. Roberto had escaped from the same attack with nothing more than a scar on his forehead, where Salvador's curse, instead of killing him, had rebounded upon its originator. Barely alive, Salvador had fled....
　　But Roberto had come face-to-face with him at Hogwarts. Remembering their last meeting as he stood at the dark window, Roberto had to admit he was lucky even to have reached his thirteenth birthday.
　　He scanned the starry sky for a sign of Hedwig, perhaps soaring
　　back to him with a dead mouse dangling from her beak, expecting praise. Gazing absently over the rooftops, it was a few seconds before Roberto realized what he was seeing.
　　Silhouetted against the golden moon, and growing larger every moment, was a large, strangely lopsided creature, and it was flapping in Roberto's direction. He stood quite still, watching it sink lower and lower. For a split second he hesitated, his hand on the window latch, wondering whether to slam it shut. But then the bizarre creature soared over one of the street lamps of Privet Drive, and Roberto, realizing what it was, leapt aside.
　　Through the window soared three owls, two of them holding up the third, which appeared to be unconscious. They landed with a soft flump on Roberto's bed, and the middle owl, which was large and gray, keeled right over and lay motionless. There was a large package tied to its legs.
　　Roberto recognized the unconscious owl at once -- his name was Errol, and he belonged to the Lopez family. Roberto dashed to the bed, untied the cords around Errol's legs, took off the parcel, and then carried Errol to Hedwig's cage. Errol opened one bleary eye, gave a feeble hoot of thanks, and began to gulp some water.
　　Roberto turned back to the remaining owls. One of them, the large snowy female, was his own Hedwig. She, too, was carrying a parcel and looked extremely pleased with herself. She gave Roberto an affectionate nip with her beak as he removed her burden, then flew across the room to join Errol.
　　Roberto didn't recognize the third owl, a handsome tawny one, but he knew at once where it had come from, because in addition to a third package, it was carrying a letter bearing the Hogwarts crest. When Roberto relieved this owl of its burden, it ruffled its feathers importantly, stretched its wings, and took off through the window into the night.
　　Roberto sat down on his bed and grabbed Errol's package, ripped off the brown paper, and discovered a present wrapped in gold, and his first ever birthday card. Fingers trembling slightly, he opened the envelope. Two pieces of paper fell out -- a letter and a newspaper clipping.
　　The clipping had clearly come out of the wizarding newspaper, the Daily Prophet, because the people in the black-and-white picture were moving. Roberto picked up the clipping, smoothed it out, and read:
　　MINISTRY OF MAGIC EMPLOYEE SCOOPS GRAND PRIZE
　　Raul Lopez, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic, has won the annual Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw.
　　A delighted Mr. Lopez told the Daily Prophet, "We will be spending the gold on a summer holiday in Egypt, where our eldest son, Bill, works as a curse breaker for Gringotts Wizarding Bank."
　　The Lopez family will be spending a month in Egypt, returning for the start of the new school year at Hogwarts, which five of the Lopez children currently attend.
　　Roberto scanned the moving photograph, and a grin spread across his face as he saw all nine of the Lopezs waving furiously at him, standing in front of a large pyramid. Plump little Mrs. Lopez; tail, balding Mr. Lopez; six sons; and one daughter, all (though the black-and-white picture didn't show it) with flaming-red hair. Right in the middle of the picture was Diego, tall and gangling, with his pet rat, Scabbers, on his shoulder and his arm around his little sister, Martina.
　　Roberto couldn't think of anyone who deserved to win a large pile of gold more than the Lopezs, who were very nice and extremely poor. He picked up Diego's letter and unfolded it.
　　Dear Roberto,
　　Happy birthday!
　　Look, I' really sorry about that telephone call. I hope the Muggles didn't give you a hard time. I asked Dad, and he reckons I shouldn't have shouted.
　　It's amazing here in Egypt. Bill's taken us around all the tombs and you wouldn't believe the curses those old Egyptian wizards put on them. Mum wouldn't let Martina come in the last one. There were all these mutant skeletons in there, of Muggles who'd broken in and grown extra heads and stuff.
　　I couldn't believe it when Dad won the Daily Prophet Draw. Seven hundred galleons! Most of it's gone on this trip, but they're going to buy me a new wand for next year.
　　Roberto remembered only too well the occasion when Diego's old wand had snapped. It had happened when the car the two of them had been flying to Hogwarts had crashed into a tree on the school grounds.
　　We'll be back about a week before term starts and we'll be going up to London to get my wand and our new books. Any chance of meeting you there?
　　Don't let the Muggles get you down!
　　Try and come to London,
　　Diego
　　P.S. Miguel's Head Boy. He got the letter last week.
　　Roberto glanced back at the photograph. Miguel, who was in his seventh and final year at Hogwarts, was looking particularly smug. He had pinned his Head Boy badge to the fez perched jauntily on top of his neat hair, his horn-rimmed glasses flashing in the Egyptian sun.
　　Roberto now turned to his present and unwrapped it. Inside was what looked like a miniature glass spinning top. There was another note from Diego beneath it.
　　Roberto -- this is a Pocket Sneakoscope. If there's someone untrustworthy around, it's supposed to light up and spin. Bill says it's rubbish sold for wizard tourists and isn't reliable, because it kept lighting up at dinner last night. But he didn't realize Pablo and Luis had put beetles in his soup.
　　Bye --
　　Diego
　　Roberto put the Pocket Sneakoscope on his bedside table, where it stood quite still, balanced on its point, reflecting the luminous hands of his clock. He looked at it happily for a few seconds, then picked up the parcel Hedwig had brought.
　　Inside this, too, there was a wrapped present, a card, and a letter, this time from Carolina.
　　Dear Roberto,
　　Diego wrote to me and told me about his phone call to your Uncle Francisco. I do hope you're all right.
　　I'm on holiday in France at the moment and I didn't know how I was going to send this to you -- what if they'd opened it at customs? -- but then Hedwig turned up! I think she wanted to make sure you got something for your birthday for a change. I bought your present by owl-order; there was an advertisement in the Daily Prophet (I've been getting it delivered; it's so good to keep up with what's going on in the wizarding world), Did you see that picture of Diego and his family a week ago? I bet he's learning loads. I'm really jealous -- the ancient Egyptian wizards were fascinating.
　　There's some interesting local history of witchcraft here, too. I've rewritten my whole History of Magic essay to include some of the things I've found out, I hope it's not too long -- it's two rolls of parchment more than Professor Binns asked for.
　　Diego says he's going to be in London in the last week of the holidays. Can you make it? Will your aunt and uncle let you come? I really hope you can. If not, I'll see you on the Hogwarts Express on September first!
　　Love from Carolina
　　P.S. Diego says Miguel's Head Boy. I'll bet Miguel's really pleased Diego doesn't seem too happy about it
　　Roberto laughed as he put Herrmone's letter aside and picked up her present. It was very heavy. Knowing Carolina, he was sure it would be a large book full of very difficult spells -- but it wasn't. His heart gave a huge bound as he ripped back the paper and saw a sleek black leather case, with silver words stamped across it, reading Broomstick Servicing Kit.
　　"Wow, Carolina!" Roberto whispered, unzipping the case to look inside.
　　There was a large jar of Fleetwood's High-Finish Handle Polish, a pair of gleaming silver Tall-Twig Clippers, a tiny brass compass to clip on your broom for long journeys, and a Handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare.
　　Apart from his friends, the thing that Roberto missed most about Hogwarts was Quidditch, the most popular sport in the magical world -- highly dangerous, very exciting, and played on broomsticks. Roberto happened to be a very good Quidditch player; he had been the youngest person in a century to be picked for one of the Hogwarts House teams. One of Roberto's most prized possessions was his Nimbus Two Thousand racing broom.
　　Roberto put the leather case aside and picked up his last parcel. He recognized the untidy scrawl on the brown paper at once: this was from Villalba, the Hogwarts gamekeeper. He tore off the top layer of paper and glimpsed something green and leathery, but before he could unwrap it properly, the parcel gave a strange quiver, and whatever was inside it snapped loudly -- as though it had jaws.
　　Roberto froze. He knew that Villalba would never send him anything dangerous on purpose, but then, Villalba didn't have a normal person's view of what was dangerous. Villalba had been known to befriend giant spiders, buy vicious, three-headed dogs from men in pubs, and sneak illegal dragon eggs into his cabin.
　　Roberto poked the parcel nervously. It snapped loudly again. Roberto reached for the lamp on his bedside table, gripped it firmly in one hand, and raised it over his head, ready to strike. Then he seized the rest of the wrapping paper in his other hand and pulled.
　　And out fell -- a book. Roberto just had time to register its handsome green cover, emblazoned with the golden title The Monster Book of Monsters, before it flipped onto its edge and scuttled sideways along the bed like some weird crab.
　　"Uh-oh," Roberto muttered.
　　The book toppled off the bed with a loud clunk and shuffled rapidly across the room. Roberto followed it stealthily. The book was hiding in the dark space under his desk. Praying that the Carrizos were still fast asleep, Roberto got down on his hands and knees and reached toward it.
　　"Ouch!"
　　The book snapped shut on his hand and then flapped past him, still scuttling on its covers. Roberto scrambled around, threw himself forward, and managed to flatten it. Uncle Francisco gave a loud, sleepy grunt in the room next door.
　　Hedwig and Errol watched interestedly as Roberto clamped the struggling book tightly in his arms, hurried to his chest of drawers, and pulled out a belt, which he buckled tightly around it. The Monster Book shuddered angrily, but could no longer flap and snap, so Roberto threw it down on the bed and reached for Villalba's card.
　　Dear Roberto,
　　Happy Birthday!
　　Think you might find this useful for next year. Won't say no more here. Tell you when I see you. Hope the Muggles are treating you right.
　　All the best,
　　Villalba
　　It struck Roberto as ominous that Villalba thought a biting book would come in useful, but he put Villalba's card up next to Diego's and Carolina's, grinning more broadly than ever. Now there was only the letter from Hogwarts left.
　　Noticing that it was rather thicker than usual, Roberto slit open the envelope, pulled out the first page of parchment within, and read:
　　Dear Mr. Gonzales,
　　Please note that the new school year will begin on September the first. The Hogwarts Express will leave ftom King's Cross station, platform nine and three-quarters, at eleven o'clock.
　　Third years are permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekends. Please give the enclosed permission form to your parent or guardian to sign.
　　A list of books for next year is enclosed. Yours sincerely,
　　Professor M. Romero
　　Deputy Headmistress
　　Roberto pulled out the Hogsmeade permission form and looked at it, no longer grinning. It would be wonderful to visit Hogsmeade on weekends; he knew it was an entirely wizarding village, and he had never set foot there. But how on earth was he going to persuade Uncle Francisco or Aunt Beatriz to sign the form?
　　He looked over at the alarm clock. It was now two o'clock in the morning.
　　Deciding that he'd worry about the Hogsmeade form when he woke up, Roberto got back into bed and reached up to cross off another day on the chart he'd made for himself, counting down the days left until his return to Hogwarts. Then he took off his glasses and lay down, eyes open, facing his three birthday cards.
　　Extremely unusual though he was, at that moment Roberto Gonzales felt just like everyone else -- glad, for the first time in his life, that it was his birthday.
　　CHAPTER TWO
　　AUNT MARGE'S BIG MISTAKE
　　Roberto went down to breakfast the next morning to find the three Carrizos already sitting around the kitchen table. They were watching a brand-new television, a welcome-home-for-the-summer present for Leonardo, who had been complaining loudly about the long walk between the fridge and the television in the living room. Leonardo had spent most of the summer in the kitchen, his piggy little eyes fixed on the screen and his five chins wobbling as he ate continually.
　　Roberto sat down between Leonardo and Uncle Francisco, a large, beefy man with very little neck and a lot of mustache. Far from wishing Roberto a happy birthday, none of the Carrizos made any sign that they had noticed Roberto enter the room, but Roberto was far too used to this to care. He helped himself to a piece of toast and then looked up at the reporter on the television, who was halfway through a report on an escaped convict:
　　"... The public is warned that Martinez is armed and extremely dangerous. A special hot line has been set up, and any sighting of Martinez should be reported immediately."
　　"No need to tell us he's no good," snorted Uncle Francisco, staring over the top of his newspaper at the prisoner. "Look at the state of him, the filthy layabout! Look at his hair!"
　　He shot a nasty look sideways at Roberto, whose untidy hair had always been a source of great annoyance to Uncle Francisco. Compared to the man on the television, however, whose gaunt face was surrounded by a matted, elbow-length tangle, Roberto felt very well groomed indeed.
　　The reporter had reappeared.
　　"The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries will announce today --"
　　"Hang on!" barked Uncle Francisco, staring furiously at the reporter. "You didn't tell us where that maniac's escaped from! \What use is that? Gabrielatic could be coming up the street right now!"
　　Aunt Beatriz, who was bony and horse-faced, whipped around and peered intently out of the kitchen window. Roberto knew Aunt Beatriz would simply love to be the one to call the hot line number. She was the nosiest woman in the world and spent most of her life spying on the boring, law-abiding neighbors.
　　"When will they learn," said Uncle Francisco, pounding the table with his large purple fist, "that hanging's the only way to deal with these people?"
　　"Very true," said Aunt Beatriz, who was still squinting into next door's runner beans.
　　Uncle Francisco drained his teacup, glanced at his watch, and added, "I'd better be off in a minute, Beatriz. Marge's train gets in at ten."
　　Roberto, whose thoughts had been upstairs with the Broomstick Servicing Kit, was brought back to earth with an unpleasant bump.
　　"Aunt Marge?" he blurted out. "Sh -- she's not coming here, is she?"
　　Aunt Marge was Uncle Francisco's sister. Even though she was not a blood relative of Roberto's (whose mother had been Aunt Beatriz's sister), he had been forced to call her "Aunt" all his life. Aunt Marge lived in the country, in a house with a large garden, where she bred bulldogs. She didn't often stay at Privet Drive, because she couldn't bear to leave her precious dogs, but each of her visits stood out horribly vividly in Roberto's mind.
　　At Leonardo's fifth birthday party, Aunt Margo had whacked Roberto around the shins with her walking stick to stop him from beating Leonardo at musical statues. A few years later, she had turned up at Christmas with a computerized robot for Leonardo and a box of dog biscuits for Roberto. On her last visit, the year before Roberto started at Hogwarts, Roberto had accidentally trodden on the tail of her favorite dog. Ripper had chased Roberto out into the garden and up a tree, and Aunt Marge had refused to call him off until past midnight. The memory of this incident still brought tears of laughter to Leonardo's eyes.
　　"Marge'll be here for a week," Uncle Francisco snarled, 11 and while we're on the subject" -- he pointed a fat finger threateningly at Roberto -- "we need to get a few things straight before I go and collect her."
　　Leonardo smirked and withdrew his gaze from the television. Watching Roberto being bullied by Uncle Francisco was Leonardo's favorite form of entertainment.
　　"Firstly," growled Uncle Francisco, "you'll keep a civil tongue in your head when you're talking to Marge."
　　"All right," said Roberto bitterly, "if she does when she's talking to me.
　　"Secondly," said Uncle Francisco, acting as though he had not heard Roberto's reply, "as Marge doesn't know anything about your abnormality, I don't want any -- any funny stuff while she's here.
　　You behave yourself, got me?"
　　"I will if she does," said Roberto through gritted teeth.
　　"And thirdly," said Uncle Francisco, his mean little eyes now slits in his great purple face, "we've told Marge you attend St. Brutus's Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys."
　　"What?" Roberto yelled.
　　"And you'll be sticking to that story, boy, or there'll be trouble, spat Uncle Francisco.
　　Roberto sat there, white-faced and furious, staring at Uncle Francisco, hardly able to believe it. Aunt Marge coming for a weeklong visit -- it was the worst birthday present the Carrizos had ever given him, including that pair of Uncle Francisco's old socks.
　　"Well, Beatriz," said Uncle Francisco, getting heavily to his feet, "I'll be off to the station, then. Want to come along for the ride, Dudders?"
　　"No," said Leonardo, whose attention had returned to the television now that Uncle Francisco had finished threatening Roberto.
　　"Duddy's got to make himself smart for his auntie," said Aunt Beatriz, smoothing Leonardo's thick blond hair. "Mummy's bought him a lovely new bow tie."
　　Uncle Francisco clapped Leonardo on his porky shoulder. "See you in a bit, then," he said, and he left the kitchen.
　　Roberto, who had been sitting in a kind of horrified trance, had a sudden idea. Abandoning his toast, he got quickly to his feet and followed Uncle Francisco to the front door.
　　Uncle Francisco was pulling on his car coat.
　　"I'm not taking you," he snarled as he turned to see Roberto watching him.
　　"Like I wanted to come," said Roberto coldly. "I want to ask you something."
　　Uncle Francisco eyed him suspiciously.
　　"Third years at Hog -- at my school are allowed to visit the village sometimes," said Roberto.
　　"So?" snapped Uncle Francisco, taking his car keys from a hook next to the door.
　　"I need you to sign the permission form," said Roberto in a rush.
　　"And why should I do that?" sneered Uncle Francisco.
　　"Well," said Roberto, choosing his words carefully, "it'll be hard work, pretending to Aunt Marge I go to that St. Whatsits --"
　　"St. Brutus's Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys!" bellowed Uncle Francisco, and Roberto was pleased to hear a definite note of panic in Uncle Francisco's voice.
　　"Exactly," said Roberto, looking calmly up into Uncle Francisco's large, purple face. "It's a lot to remember. I'll have to make it sound convincing, won't I? What if I accidentally let something slip?"
　　"You'll get the stuffing knocked out of you, won't you?" roared Uncle Francisco, advancing on Roberto with his fist raised. But Roberto stood his ground.
　　"Knocking the stuffing out of me won't make Aunt Marge forget what I could tell her," he said grimly.
　　Uncle Francisco stopped, his fist still raised, his face an ugly puce.
　　"But if you sign my permission form," Roberto went on quickly, "I swear I'll remember where I'm supposed to go to school, and I'll act like a Mug -- like I'm normal and everything."
　　Roberto could tell that Uncle Francisco was thinking it over, even if his teeth were bared and a vein was throbbing in his temple.
　　"Right," he snapped finally. "I shall monitor your behavior carefully during Marge's visit. If, at the end of it, you've toed the line and kept to the story, I'll sign your ruddy form."
　　He wheeled around, pulled open the front door, and slammed it so hard that one of the little panes of glass at the top fell out.
　　Roberto didn't return to the kitchen. He went back upstairs to his bedroom. If he was going to act like a real Muggle, he'd better start now. Slowly and sadly he gathered up all his presents and his birthday cards and hid them under the loose floorboard with his homework. Then he went to Hedwig's cage. Errol seemed to have recovered; he and Hedwig were both asleep, heads under their wings. Roberto sighed, then poked them both awake.
　　"Hedwig," he said gloomily, "you're going to have to clear off for a week. Go with Errol. Diego'll look after you. I'll write him a note, explaining. And don't look at me like that" -- Hedwig's large amber eyes were reproachful -- "it's not my fault. It's the only way I'll be allowed to visit Hogsmeade with Diego and Carolina."
　　Ten minutes later, Errol and Hedwig (who had a note to Diego bound to her leg) soared out of the window and out of sight. Roberto, now feeling thoroughly miserable, put the empty cage away inside the wardrobe.
　　But Roberto didn't have long to brood. In next to no time, Aunt Beatriz was shrieking up the stairs for Roberto to come down and get ready to welcome their guest.
　　"Do something about your hair!" Aunt Beatriz snapped as he reached the hall.
　　Roberto couldn't see the point of trying to make his hair lie flat. Aunt Marge loved criticizing him, so the untidier he looked, the happier she would be.
　　All too soon, there was a crunch of gravel outside as Uncle Francisco's car pulled back into the driveway, then the clunk of the car doors and footsteps on the garden path.
　　"Get the door!" Aunt Beatriz hissed at Roberto.
　　A feeling of great gloom in his stomach, Roberto pulled the door open.
　　On the threshold stood Aunt Marge. She was very like Uncle Francisco: large, beefy, and purple- faced, she even had a mustache, though not as bushy as his. In one hand she held an enormous suitcase, and tucked under the other was an old and evil-tempered bulldog.
　　"Where's my Dudders?" roared Aunt Marge. "Where's my neffy-poo?"
　　Leonardo came waddling down the hall, his blond hair plastered flat to his fat head, a bow tie just visible under his many chins. Aunt Marge thrust the suitcase into Roberto's stomach, knocking the wind out of him, seized Leonardo in a tight one-armed hug, and planted a large kiss on his cheek.
　　Roberto knew perfectly well that Leonardo only put up with Aunt Marge's hugs because he was well paid for it, and sure enough, when they broke apart, Leonardo had a crisp twenty-pound note clutched in his fat fist.
　　"Beatriz!" shouted Aunt Marge, striding past Roberto as though he was a hat stand. Aunt Marge and Aunt Beatriz kissed, or rather, Aunt Marge bumped her large jaw against Aunt Beatriz's bony cheekbone.
　　Uncle Francisco now came in, smiling jovially as he shut the door.
　　"Tea, Marge?" he said. "And what will Ripper take?"
　　"Ripper can have some tea out of my saucer," said Aunt Marge as they all proceeded into the kitchen, leaving Roberto alone in the hall with the suitcase. But Roberto wasn't complaining; any excuse not to be with Aunt Marge was fine by him, so he began to heave the case upstairs into the spare bedroom, taking as long as he could.
　　By the time he got back to the kitchen, Aunt Marge had been supplied with tea and fruitcake, and Ripper was lapping noisily in the corner. Roberto saw Aunt Beatriz wince slightly as specks of tea and drool flecked her clean floor. Aunt Beatriz hated animals.
　　"Who's looking after the other dogs, Marge?" Uncle Francisco asked.
　　"Oh, I've got Colonel Fubster managing them," boomed Aunt Marge. "He's retired now, good for him to have something to do. But I couldn't leave poor old Ripper. He pines if he's away from me."
　　Ripper began to growl again as Roberto sat down. This directed Aunt Marge's attention to Roberto for the first time.
　　"So!" she barked. "Still here, are you?"
　　"Yes," said Roberto.
　　"Don't you say yes' in that ungrateful tone," Aunt Marge growled. "It's damn good of Francisco and Beatriz to keep you. Wouldn't have done it myself. You'd have gone straight to an orphanage if you'd been dumped on my doorstep."
　　Roberto was bursting to say that he'd rather live in an orphanage than with the Carrizos, but the thought of the Hogsmeade form stopped him. He forced his face into a painful smile.
　　"Don't you smirk at me!" boomed Aunt Marge. "I can see you haven't improved since I last saw you. I hoped school would knock some manners into you." She took a large gulp of tea, wiped her mustache, and said, "Where is it that you send him, again, Francisco?"
　　"St. Brutus's," said Uncle Francisco promptly. "It's a first-rate institution for hopeless cases."
　　"I see," said Aunt Marge. "Do they use the cane at St. Brutus's, boy?" she barked across the table.
　　"Er --"
　　Uncle Francisco nodded curtly behind Aunt Marge's back.
　　"Yes," said Roberto. Then, feeling he might as well do the thing properly, he added, "all the time."
　　"Excellent," said Aunt Marge. "I won't have this namby-pamby, wishy-washy nonsense about not hitting people who deserve it. A good thrashing is what's needed in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred. Have you been beaten often?"
　　"Oh, yeah," said Roberto, "loads of times."
　　Aunt Marge narrowed her eyes.
　　"I still don't like your tone, boy," she said. "If you can speak of your beatings in that casual way, they clearly aren't hitting you hard enough. Beatriz, I'd write if I were you. Make it clear that you approve the use of extreme force in this boy's case."
　　Perhaps Uncle Francisco was worried that Roberto might forget their bargain; in any case, he changed the subject abruptly.
　　"Heard the news this morning, Marge? What about that escaped prisoner, eh?"
　　As Aunt Marge started to make herself at home, Roberto caught himself thinking almost longingly of life at number four without her. Uncle Francisco and Aunt Beatriz usually encouraged Roberto to stay out of their way, which Roberto was only too happy to do. Aunt Marge, on the other hand, wanted Roberto under her eye at all times, so that she could boom out suggestions for his improvement. She delighted in comparing Roberto with Leonardo, and took huge pleasure in buying Leonardo expensive presents while glaring at Roberto, as though daring him to ask why he hadn't got a present too. She also kept throwing out dark hints about what made Roberto such an unsatisfactory person.
　　"You mustn't blame yourself for the way the boy's turned out, Francisco," she said over lunch on the third day. "If there's something rotten on the inside, there's nothing anyone can do about it."
　　Roberto tried to concentrate on his food, but his hands shook and his face was starting to burn with anger. Remember the form, he told himself Think about Hogsmeade. Don't say anything. Don't rise
　　Aunt Marge reached for her glass of wine.
　　"It's one of the basic rules of breeding," she said. "You see it all the time with dogs. If there's something wrong with the bitch, there'll be something wrong with the pup --"
　　At that moment, the wineglass Aunt Marge was holding exploded in her hand. Shards of glass flew in every direction and Aunt Marge sputtered and blinked, her great ruddy face dripping.
　　"Marge!" squealed Aunt Beatriz. "Marge, are you all right?"
　　"Not to worry," grunted Aunt Marge, mopping her face with her napkin. "Must have squeezed it too hard. Did the same thing at Colonel Fubster's the other day. No need to fuss, Beatriz, I have a very firm grip..."
　　But Aunt Beatriz and Uncle Francisco were both looking at Roberto suspiciously, so he decided he'd better skip dessert and escape from the table as soon as he could.
　　Outside in the hall, he leaned against the wall, breathing deeply It had been a long time since he'd lost control and made something explode. He couldn't afford to let it happen again. The Hogsmeade form wasn't the only thing at stake -- if he carried on like that, he'd be in trouble with the Ministry of Magic.
　　Roberto was still an underage wizard, and he was forbidden by wizard law to do magic outside school. His record wasn't exactly clean either. Only last summer he'd gotten an official warning that had stated quite clearly that if the Ministry got wind of any more magic in Privet Drive, Roberto would face expulsion from Hogwarts.
　　He heard the Carrizos leaving the table and hurried upstairs out of the way.
　　Roberto got through the next three days by forcing himself to think about his Handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare whenever Aunt Marge started on him. This worked quite well, though it seemed to give him a glazed look, because Aunt Marge started voicing the opinion that he was mentally subnormal.
　　At last, at long last, the final evening of Marge's stay arrived. Aunt Beatriz cooked a fancy dinner and Uncle Francisco uncorked several bottles of wine. They got all the way through the soup and the salmon without a single mention of Roberto's faults; during the lemon meringue pie, Uncle Francisco bored them A with a long talk about Grunnings, his drill-making company; then Aunt Beatriz made coffee and Uncle Francisco brought out a bottle of brandy.
　　"Can I tempt you, Marge?"
　　Aunt Marge had already had quite a lot of wine. Her huge face was very red.
　　"Just a small one, then," she chuckled. "A bit more than that... and a bit more... that's the ticket."
　　Leonardo was eating his fourth slice of pie. Aunt Beatriz was sipping coffee with her little finger sticking out. Roberto really wanted to disappear into his bedroom, but he met Uncle Francisco's angry little eyes and knew he would have to sit it out.
　　"Aah," said Aunt Marge, smacking her lips and putting the empty brandy glass back down. "Excellent nosh, Beatriz. It's normally just a fry-up for me of an evening, with twelve dogs to look after...." She burped richly and patted her great tweed stomach. "Pardon me. But I do like to see a healthy-sized boy," she went on, winking at Leonardo. "You'll be a proper-sized man, Dudders, like your father. Yes, I'll have a spot more brandy, Francisco...."
　　"Now, this one here --"
　　She jerked her head at Roberto, who felt his stomach clench. The Handbook, he thought quickly.
　　"This one's got a mean, runty look about him. You get that with dogs. I had Colonel Fubster drown one last year. Ratty little thing it was- Weak. Underbred."
　　Roberto was trying to remember page twelve of his book: A Charm to Cure Reluctant Reversers. "It all comes down to blood, as I was saying the other day.
　　Bad blood will out. Now, I'm saying nothing against your family, Beatriz" she patted Aunt Beatriz's bony hand with her shovellike one "but your sister was a bad egg. They turn up in the best families. Then she ran off with a wastrel and here's the result right in front of us."
　　Roberto was staring at his plate, a funny ringing in his ears. Grasp your broom firmly by the tail, he thought. But he couldn't remember what came next. Aunt Marge's voice seemed to be boring into him like one of Uncle Francisco's drills.
　　"This Gonzales, 5) said Aunt Marge loudly, seizing the brandy bottle and splashing more into her glass and over the tablecloth, "you never told me what he did?"
　　Uncle Francisco and Aunt Beatriz were looking extremely tense. Leonardo had even looked up from his pie to gape at his parents.
　　"He -- didn't work," said Uncle Francisco, with half a glance at Roberto. "Unemployed."
　　"As I expected!" said Aunt Marge, taking a huge swig of brandy and wiping her chin on her sleeve. "A no-account, good-for-nothing, lazy scrounger who --"
　　"He was not," said Roberto suddenly. The table went very quiet. Roberto was shaking all over. He had never felt so angry in his life.
　　"MORE BRANDY!" yelled Uncle Francisco, who had gone very white. He emptied the bottle into Aunt Marge's glass. "You, boy," he snarled at Roberto. "Go to bed, go on --"
　　"No, Francisco," hiccuped Aunt Marge, holding up a hand, her tiny bloodshot eyes fixed on Roberto's. "Go on, boy, go on. Proud of your parents, are you? They go and get themselves killed in a car crash (drunk, I expect) --"
　　'They didn't die in a car crash!" said Roberto, who found himself on his feet.
　　"They died in a car crash, you nasty little liar, and left you to be a burden on their decent, hardworking relatives!" screamed Aunt Marge, swelling with fury. "You are an insolent, ungrateful little --"
　　But Aunt Marge suddenly stopped speaking. For a moment, it looked as though words had failed her. She seemed to be swelling with inexpressible anger -- but the swelling didn't stop. Her great red face started to expand, her tiny eyes bulged, and her mouth stretched too tightly for speech -- next second, several buttons had just burst from her tweed jacket and pinged off the walls -- she was inflating like a monstrous balloon, her stomach bursting free of her tweed waistband, each of her fingers blowing up like a salami --
　　"MARGE!" yelled Uncle Francisco and Aunt Beatriz together as Aunt Marge's whole body began to rise off her chair toward the ceiling. She was entirely round, now, like a vast life buoy with piggy eyes, and her hands and feet stuck out weirdly as she drifted up into the air, making apoplectic popping noises. Ripper came skidding into the room, barking madly.
　　"NOOOOOOO!"
　　Uncle Francisco seized one of Marge's feet and tried to pull her down again, but was almost lifted from the floor himself. A second later, Ripper leapt forward and sank his teeth into Uncle Francisco's leg.
　　Roberto tore from the dining room before anyone could stop him, heading for the cupboard under the stairs. The cupboard door burst magically open as he reached it. In seconds, he had heaved his trunk to the front door. He sprinted upstairs and threw himself under the bed, wrenching up the loose floorboard, and grabbed the pillowcase full of his books and birthday presents. He wriggled out, seized Hedwig's empty cage, and dashed back downstairs to his trunk, just as Uncle Francisco burst out of the dining room, his trouser leg in bloody tatters.
　　"COME BACK IN HERE!" he bellowed. "COME BACK AND PUT HER RIGHT!"
　　But a reckless rage had come over Roberto. He kicked his trunk open, pulled out his wand, and pointed it at Uncle Francisco.
　　"She deserved it," Roberto said, breathing very fast. "She deserved what she got. You keep away from me."
　　He fumbled behind him for the latch on the door.
　　"I'm going," Roberto said. "I've had enough."
　　And in the next moment, he was out in the dark, quiet street, heaving his heavy trunk behind him, Hedwig's cage under his arm.
　　CHAPTER THREE
　　THE KNIGHT BUS
　　Roberto was several streets away before he collapsed onto a low wall in Magnolia Crescent, panting from the effort of dragging his trunk. He sat quite still, anger still surging through him, listening to the frantic thumping of his heart.
　　But after ten minutes alone in the dark street, a new emotion overtook him: panic. Whichever way he looked at it, he had never been in a worse fix. He was stranded, quite alone, in the dark Muggle world, with absolutely nowhere to go. And the worst of it was, he had just done serious magic, which meant that he was almost certainly expelled from Hogwarts. He had broken the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry so badly, he was surprised Ministry of Magic representatives weren't swooping down on him where he sat.
　　Roberto shivered and looked up and down Magnolia Crescent.
　　What, was going to happen to him? Would he be arrested, or would he simply be outlawed from the wizarding world? He thought of Diego and Carolina, and his heart sank even lower. Roberto was sure that, criminal or not, Diego and Carolina would want to help him now, but they were both abroad, and with Hedwig gone, he had no means of contacting them.
　　He didn't have any Muggle money, either. There was a little wizard gold in the money bag at the bottom of his trunk, but the rest of the fortune his parents had left him was stored in a vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank in London. He'd never be able to drag his trunk all the way to London. Unless...
　　He looked down at his wand, which he was still clutching in his hand. If he was already expelled (his heart was. now thumping painfully fast), a bit more magic couldn't hurt. He had the Invisibility Cloak he had inherited from his father -- what if he bewitched the trunk to make it feather-light, tied it to his broomstick, covered himself in the cloak, and flew to London? Then he could get the rest of his money out of his vault and... begin his life as an outcast. It was a horrible prospect, but he couldn't sit on this wall forever, or he'd find himself trying to explain to Muggle police why he was out in the dead of night with a trunkful of spellbooks and a broomstick.
　　Roberto opened his trunk again and pushed the contents aside, looking for the Invisibility Cloak - but before he had found it, he straightened up suddenly, looking around him once more.
　　A funny prickling on the back of his neck had made Roberto feel he was being watched, but the street appeared to be deserted, and no lights shone from any of the large square houses.
　　He bent over his trunk again, but almost immediately stood up once more, his hand clenched on his wand. He had sensed rather than heard it: someone or something was standing in the narrow gap between the garage and the fence behind him. Roberto squinted at the black alleyway. If only it would move, then he'd know whether it was just a stray cat or -- something else.
　　"Lumos," Roberto muttered, and a light appeared at the end of his wand, almost dazzling him. He held it high over his head, and the pebble-dashed walls of number two suddenly sparkled; the garage door gleamed, and between them Roberto saw, quite distinctly, the hulking outline of something very big, with wide, gleaming eyes.
　　Roberto stepped backward. His legs hit his trunk and he tripped. His wand flew out of his hand as he flung out an arm to break his fall, and he landed, hard, in the gutter --
　　There was a deafening BANG, and Roberto threw up his hands to shield his eyes against a sudden blinding light --
　　With a yell, he rolled back onto the pavement, just in time. A second later, a gigantic pair of wheels and headlights screeched to a halt exactly where Roberto had just been lying. They belonged, as Roberto saw when he raised his head, to a triple-decker, violently purple bus, which had appeared out of thin air. Gold lettering over the windshield spelled The Knight Bus.
　　For a Split second, Roberto wondered if he had been knocked silly by his fall. Then a conductor in a purple uniform leapt out of the bus and began to speak loudly to the night.
　　"Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. just stick out your wand hand, step on board) and we can take you anywhere you want to go. My name is Stan Shunpike, and I will be your conductor this eve --"
　　The conductor stopped abruptly. He had just caught sight of "Roberto, who was still sitting on the ground. Roberto snatched up his wand again and scrambled to his feet. Close up, he saw that Stan Shunpike was only a few years older than he was, eighteen or nineteen at most, with large, protruding ears and quite a few pimples.
　　"What were you doin' down there?" said Stan, dropping his professional manner.
　　"Fell over," said Roberto.
　　"'Paulao fall over for?" sniggered Stan.
　　"I didn't do it on purpose," said Roberto, annoyed. One of the knees in his jeans was torn, and the hand he had thrown out to break his fall was bleeding. He suddenly remembered why he had fallen over and turned around quickly to stare at the alleyway between the garage and fence. The Knight Bus's headlamps were flooding it with light, and it was empty.
　　"'Paulao lookin' at?" said Stan.
　　"There was a big black thing," said Roberto, pointing uncertainly into the gap. "Like a dog... but massive..."
　　He looked a-round at Stan, whose mouth was slightly open. With a feeling of unease, Roberto saw Stan's eyes move to the scar on Roberto's forehead.
　　"Woss that on your 'ead?" said Stan abruptly.
　　"Nothing," said Roberto quickly, flattening his hair over his scar. If the Ministry of Magic was looking for him, he didn't want to make it too easy for them.
　　"Woss your name?" Stan persisted.
　　"Mauricio Silva," said Roberto, saying the first name that came into his head. "So -- so this bus," he went on quickly, hoping to distract Stan, "did you say it goes anywhere?"
　　"Yep," said Stan proudly, "anywhere you like, long's it's on land. Can't do nuffink underwater. 'Ere," he said, looking suspicious again, ,You did flag us down, dincha? Stuck out your wand 'and, dincha?"
　　"Yes," said Roberto quickly. "Listen, how much would it be to get to London?"
　　"Eleven Sickles," said Stan, "but for fifteen you get 'or chocolate, and for fifteen you get an 'ot water bottle an' a toofbrush in the color of your choice."
　　Roberto rummaged once more in his trunk, extracted his money bag, and shoved some gold into Stan's hand. He and Stan then lifted his trunk, with Hedwig's cage balanced on top, up the steps of the bus.
　　There were no seats; instead, half a dozen brass bedsteads stood beside the curtained windows. Candles were burning in brackets beside each bed, illuminating the wood-paneled walls. A tiny wizard in a nightcap at the rear of the bus muttered, "Not now, thanks, I'm pickling some slugs" and rolled over in his sleep.
　　"You 'ave this one," Stan whispered, shoving Roberto's trunk under the bed right behind the driver, who was sitting in an armchair in front of the steering wheel. "This is our driver, Ernie Prang. This ,is Mauricio Silva, Ern. "
　　Ernie Prang, an elderly wizard wearing very thick glasses, nodded to Roberto, who nervously flattened his bangs again and sat down on his bed.
　　"Take 'er away, Ern," said Stan, sitting down in the armchair next to Ernie's.
　　There was another tremendous BANG, and the next moment Roberto found himself flat on his bed, thrown backward by the speed of the Knight Bus. Pulling himself up, Roberto stared out of the dark window and saw that they were now bowling along a completely different street. Stan was watching Roberto's stunned face with great enjoyment.
　　"This is where we was before you flagged us down," he said. "Where are we, Ern? Somewhere in Wales?"
　　"Ar," said Ernie.
　　"How come the Muggles don't hear the bus?" said Roberto.
　　"Them!" said Stan contemptuously. "Don' listen properly, do they? Don' look properly either. Never notice nuffink, they don'."
　　"Best go wake up Madam Marsh, Stan," said Ern. "We'll be in Abergavenny in a minute."
　　Stan passed Roberto's bed and disappeared up a narrow wooden staircase. Roberto was still looking out of the window, feeling increasingly nervous. Ernie didn't seem to have mastered the use of a steering wheel. The Knight Bus kept mounting the pavement, but it didn't hit anything; lines of lampposts, mailboxes, and trash cans jumped out of its way as it approached and back into position once it had passed.
　　Stan came back downstairs, followed by a faintly green witch wrapped in a traveling cloak.
　　"'Ere you go, Madam Marsh," said Stan happily as Ern stamped on the brake and the beds slid a foot or so toward the front of the bus. Madam Marsh clamped a handkerchief to her mouth and tottered down the steps. Stan threw her bag out after her and rammed the doors shut; there was another loud BANG, and they were thundering down a narrow country lane, trees leaping out of the way.
　　Roberto wouldn't have been able to sleep even if he had been traveling on a bus that didn't keep banging loudly and jumping a hundred miles at a time. His stomach churned as he fell back to wondering what was going to happen to him, and whether the Carrizos had managed to get Aunt Marge off the ceiling yet.
　　Stan had unfurled a copy of the Daily Prophet and was now reading with his tongue between his teeth. A large photograph of a sunken-faced man with long, matted hair blinked slowly at Roberto from the front page. He looked strangely familiar.
　　"That man!" Roberto said, forgetting his troubles for a moment. "He was on the Muggle news!"
　　Stanley turned to the front page and chuckled.
　　"Gustavo Martinez," he said, nodding. "'Course 'e was on the Muggle news, Mauricio, where you been?"
　　He gave a superior sort of chuckle at the blank look on Roberto's face, removed the front page, and handed it to Roberto.
　　"You oughta read the papers more, Mauricio."
　　Roberto held the paper up to the candlelight and read:
　　MARTINEZ STILL AT LARGE
　　Gustavo Martinez, possibly the most infamous prisoner ever to be held in Azkaban fortress, is still eluding capture, the Ministry of Magic confirmed today.
　　"We are doing all we can to recapture Martinez," said the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge, this morning, "and we beg the magical community to remain calm."
　　Fudge has been criticized by some members of the International Federation of Warlocks for informing the Muggle Prime Minister of the crisis.
　　"Well, really, I had to, don't you know," said an irritable Fudge. "Martinez is mad. He's a danger to anyone who crosses him, magic or Muggle. I have the Prime Minister's assurance that he will not breathe a word of Martinez's true identity to anyone. And let's face it-who'd believe him if he did?"
　　While Muggles have been told that Martinez is carrying a gun (a kind of metal wand that Muggles use to kill each other), the magical community lives in fear of a massacre like that of twelve years ago, when Martinez murdered thirteen people with a single curse.
　　Roberto looked into the shadowed eyes of Gustavo Martinez, the only part of the sunken face that seemed alive. Roberto had never met a vampire, but he had seen pictures of them in his Defense Against the Dark Arts classes, and Martinez, with his waxy white skin, looked just like one.
　　"Scary-lookin' fing, inee?" said Stan, who had been watching Roberto read.
　　"He murdered thirteen people?" said Roberto, handing the page back to Stan, "with one curse?"
　　"Yep," said Stan, "in front of witnesses an' all. Broad daylight. Big trouble it caused, dinnit, Ern?"
　　"Ar," said Ern darkly.
　　Stan swiveled in his armchair, his hands on the back, the better to look at Roberto.
　　"Martinez woz a big supporter of You-Know-'Oo," he said.
　　"What, Salvador?" said Roberto, without thinking.
　　Even Stan's pimples went white; Ern jerked the steering wheel so hard that a whole farmhouse had to jump aside to avoid the bus.
　　"You outta your tree?" yelped Stan. "'Paulao say 'is name for?"
　　"Sorry," said Roberto hastily. "Sorry, I -- I forgot --"
　　"Forgot!" said Stan weakly. "Blimey, my 'eart's goin' that fast ..."
　　"So -- so Martinez was a supporter of You-Know-Who?" Roberto prompted apologetically.
　　"Yeah," said Stan, still rubbing his chest. "Yeah, that's right. Very close to You-Know-'Oo, they say. Anyway, when little 'Arry Gonzales got the better of You-Know-'Oo --"
　　Roberto nervously flattened his bangs down again.
　　"-- all You-Know-'Oo's supporters was tracked down, wasn't they, Ern? Most of 'em knew it was all over, wiv You-Know-'Oo gone, and they came quiet. But not Gustavo Martinez. I 'eard he thought 'e'd be second-in-command once You-Know-'Oo 'ad taken over.
　　"Anyway, they cornered Martinez in the middle of a street full of Muggles an' Martinez took out 'is wand and 'e blasted 'alf the street apart, an' a wizard got it, an' so did a dozen Muggles what got in the way. 'Orrible, eh? An' you know what Martinez did then?" Stan continued in a dramatic whisper.
　　"What?" said Roberto.
　　"Laughed," said Stan. "Jus' stood there an' laughed. An' when reinforcements from the Ministry of Magic got there, I 'e went wiv em quiet as anyfink, still laughing 'is 'ead off. 'Cos 'e's mad, inee, Ern? Inee mad?"
　　"If he weren't when he went to Azkaban, he will be now," said Ern in his slow voice. "I'd blow meself up before I set foot in that place. Serves him right, mind you ... after what he did...."
　　"They 'ad a job coverin' it up, din' they, Ern?" Stan said. "'Ole street blown up an' all them Muggles dead. What was it they said ad 'appened, Ern?"
　　"Gas explosion," grunted Ernie.
　　"An' now 'e's out," said Stan, examining the newspaper picture of Martinez's gaunt face again. "Never been a breakout from Azkaban before, 'as there, Ern? Beats me 'ow 'e did it. Frightenin', eh? Mind, I don't fancy 'is chances against them Azkaban guards, eh, Ern?"
　　Ernie suddenly shivered.
　　"Talk about summat else, Stan, there's a good lad. Them Azkaban guards give me the collywobbles."
　　Stan put the paper away reluctantly, and Roberto leaned against the window of the Knight Bus, feeling worse than ever. He couldn't help imagining what Stan might be telling his passengers in a few nights' time.
　　"'Ear about that 'Arry Gonzales? Blew up 'is aunt! We 'ad 'im 'ere on the Knight Bus, di'n't we, Ern? 'E was tryin' I to run for it...."
　　He, Roberto, had broken wizard law just like Gustavo Martinez. Was inflating Aunt Marge bad enough to land him in Azkaban? Roberto didn't know anything about the wizard prison, though everyone he'd ever heard speak of it did so in the same fearful tone. Villalba, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had spent two months there only last year. Roberto wouldn't soon forget the look of terror on Villalba's face when he had been told where he was going, and Villalba was one of the bravest people Roberto knew.
　　The Knight Bus rolled through the darkness, scattering bushes and wastebaskets, telephone booths and trees, and Roberto lay, restless and miserable, on his feather bed. After a while, Stan remembered that Roberto had paid for hot chocolate, but poured it all over Roberto's pillow when the bus moved abruptly from Anglesea to Aberdeen. One by one, wizards and witches in dressing gowns and slippers descended from the upper floors to leave the bus. They all looked very pleased to go.
　　Finally, Roberto was the only passenger left.
　　"Right then, Mauricio," said Stan, clapping his hands, where abouts in London?"
　　"Diagon Alley," said Roberto.
　　"Righto," said Stan. "'Old tight, then."
　　BANG.
　　They were thundering along Charing Cross Road. Roberto sat up and watched buildings and benches squeezing themselves out of the Knight Bus's way. The sky was getting a little lighter. He would lie low for a couple of hours, go to Gringotts the. moment it opened, then set off -- where, he didn't know.
　　Ern slammed on the brakes and the Knight Bus skidded to a halt in front of a small and shabby- looking pub, the Leaky Cauldron, behind which lay the magical entrance to Diagon Alley.
　　"Thanks," Roberto said to Ern.
　　He jumped down the steps and helped Stan lower his trunk and Hedwig's cage onto the pavement.
　　"Well," said Roberto. "'Bye then!"
　　But Stan wasn't paying attention. Still standing in the doorway to the bus) he was goggling at the shadowy entrance to the Leaky Cauldron. "There you are, Roberto," said a voice.
　　Before Roberto could turn, he felt a hand on his shoulder. At the same time, Stan shouted, "Blimey! Ern, come 'ere! Come 'ere I"
　　Roberto looked up at the owner of the hand on his shoulder and felt a bucketful of ice cascade into his stomach -- he had walked right into Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself.
　　Stan leapt onto the pavement beside them.
　　"What didja call Mauricio, Minister?" he said excitedly.
　　Fudge, a portly little man in a long, pinstriped cloak, looked cold and exhausted.
　　"Mauricio?" he repeated, frowning. "This is Roberto Gonzales."
　　"I knew it!" Stan shouted gleefully. "Ern! Ern! Guess 'oo Mauricio is, Ern! 'E's 'Arry Gonzales! I can see 'is scar!"
　　"Yes," said Fudge testily, "well, I'm very glad the Knight Bus picked Roberto up, but he and I need to step inside the Leaky Cauldron now..."
　　Fudge increased the pressure on Roberto's shoulder, and Roberto found himself being steered inside the pub. A stooping figure bearing a lantern appeared through the door behind the bar. It was Oscar, the wizened, toothless landlord.
　　"You've got him, Minister!" said Oscar. "Will you be wanting anything? Beer? Brandy?"
　　"Perhaps a pot of tea," said Fudge, who still hadn't let go of Roberto.
　　There was a loud scraping and puffing from behind them, and Stan and Ern appeared, carrying Roberto's trunk and Hedwig's cage and looking around excitedly.
　　"'Ow come you di'n't tell us 'oo you are, eh, Mauricio?" said Stan, beaming at Roberto, while Ernie's owlish face peered interestedly over Stan's shoulder.
　　"And a private parlor, please, Oscar," said Fudge pointedly.
　　`Bye," Roberto said miserably to Stan and Ern as Oscar beckoned Fudge toward the passage that led from the bar.
　　"'Bye, Mauricio!" called Stan.
　　Fudge marched Roberto along the narrow passage after Oscar's lantern, and then into a small parlor. Oscar clicked his fingers, a fire burst into life in the grate, and he bowed himself out of the room.
　　"Sit down, Roberto," said Fudge, indicating a chair by the fire.
　　Roberto sat down, feeling goose bumps rising up his arms despite the glow of the fire. Fudge took off his pinstriped cloak and tossed it aside, then hitched up the trousers of his bottle-green suit and sat down opposite Roberto.
　　"I am Cornelius Fudge, Roberto. The Minister of Magic."
　　Roberto already knew this, of course; he had seen Fudge once before, but as he had been wearing his father's Invisibility Cloak at the time, Fudge wasn't to know that.
　　Oscar the innkeeper reappeared, wearing an apron over his nightshirt and bearing a tray of tea and crumpets. He placed the tray on a table between Fudge and Roberto and left the parlor, closing the door behind him.
　　"Well, Roberto," said Fudge, pouring out tea, "you've had us all in a right flap, I don't mind telling you. Running away from your aunt and uncle's house like that! I'd started to think... but you're safe, and that's what matters."
　　Fudge buttered himself a crumpet and pushed the plate toward Roberto.
　　"Eat, Roberto, you look dead on your feet. Now then... You will be pleased to hear that we have dealt with the unfortunate blowing-up of Miss Marjorie Carrizo. Two members of the Accidental Magic Reversal Department were dispatched to Privet Drive a few hours ago. Miss Carrizo has been punctured and her memory has been modified. She has no recollection of the incident at all. So that's that, and no harm done."
　　Fudge smiled at Roberto over the rim of his teacup, rather like an uncle surveying a favorite nephew. Roberto, who couldn't believe his ears, opened his mouth to speak, couldn't think of anything to say, and closed it again.
　　"Ah, you're worrying about the reaction of your aunt and uncle?" said Fudge. "Well, I won't deny that they are extremely angry, Roberto, but they are prepared to take you back next summer as long as you stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holidays."
　　Roberto unstuck his throat.
　　"I always stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holidays," he said, "and I don't ever want to go back to Privet Drive."
　　"Now, now, I'm sure you'll feel differently once you've calmed down," said Fudge in a worried tone. "They are your family, after all, and I'm sure you are fond of each other -- er -- very deep down."
　　It didn't occur to Roberto to put Fudge right. He was still waiting to hear what was going to happen to him now.
　　"So all that remains," said Fudge, now buttering himself a second crumpet, "is to decide where you're going to spend the last two weeks of your vacation. I suggest you take a room here at the Leaky Cauldron and
　　"Hang on," blurted Roberto. "What about my punishment?"
　　Fudge blinked. "Punishment?"
　　"I broke the law!" Roberto said. "The Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry!"
　　"Oh, my dear boy, we're not going to punish you for a little thing like that!" cried Fudge, waving his crumpet impatiently. "It was an accident! We don't send people to Azkaban just for blowing up their aunts!"
　　But this didn't tally at all with Roberto's past dealings with the Ministry of Magic.
　　"Last year, I got an official warning just because a house-elf smashed a pudding in my uncle's house!" he told Fudge, frowning. "The Ministry of Magic said I'd be expelled from Hogwarts if there was any more magic there!"
　　Unless Roberto's eyes were deceiving him, Fudge was suddenly looking awkward.
　　"Circumstances change, Roberto... We have to take into account... in the present climate... Surely you don't want to be expelled?"
　　"Of course I don't," said Roberto.
　　"Well then, what's A the fuss about?" laughed Fudge. "Now, have a crumpet, Roberto, while I go and see if Oscar's got a room for you."
　　Fudge strode out of the parlor and Roberto stared after him. There was something extremely odd going on. Why had Fudge been waiting for him at the Leaky Cauldron, if not to punish him for what he'd done? And now Roberto came to think of it, surely it wasn't usual for the Minister of Magic himself to get involved in matters of underage magic?
　　Fudge came back, accompanied by Oscar the innkeeper.
　　"Room eleven's free, Roberto," said Fudge. "I think you'll be very comfortable. just one thing, and I'm sure you'll understand... I don't want you wandering off into Muggle London, all right? Keep to Diagon Alley. And you're to be back here before dark each night. Sure you'll understand. Oscar will be keeping an eye on you for me."
　　"Okay," said Roberto slowly, "but why?"
　　"Don't want to lose you again, do we?" said Fudge with a hearty laugh. "No, no... best we know where you are.... I mean..."
　　Fudge cleared his throat loudly and picked up his pinstriped cloak.
　　"Well, I'll be off, plenty to do, you know...
　　"Have you had any luck with Martinez yet?" Roberto asked.
　　Fudge's finger slipped on the silver fastenings of his cloak.
　　"What's that? Oh, you've heard -- well, no, not yet, but it's only a matter of time. The Azkaban guards have never yet failed... and they are angrier than I've ever seen them."
　　Fudge shuddered slightly.
　　"So, I'll say good-bye."
　　He held out his hand and Roberto, shaking it, had a sudden idea.
　　"Er -- Minister? Can I ask you something?"
　　"Certainly," said Fudge with a smile.
　　"Well, third years at Hogwarts are allowed to visit Hogsmeade, but my aunt and uncle didn't sign the permission form. D'you think you could --?"
　　Fudge was looking uncomfortable.
　　"Ah," he said. "No, no, I'm very sorry, Roberto, but as I'm not your parent or guardian --"
　　"But you I re the Minister of Magic," said Roberto eagerly. "If you gave me permission
　　"No, I'm sorry, Roberto, but rules are rules," said Fudge flatly.
　　'Perhaps You'll be able to visit Hogsmeade next year. In fact, I think it's best if you don't... yes... well, I'll be off Enjoy your stay, Roberto."
　　And with a last smile and shake of Roberto's hand, Fudge left the room. Oscar now moved forward, beaming at Roberto.
　　"If you'll follow me, Mr. Gonzales," he said, "I've already taken your things up..."
　　Roberto followed Oscar up a handsome wooden staircase to a door with a brass number eleven on it, which Oscar unlocked and opened for him.
　　Inside was a very comfortable-looking bed, some highly polished oak furniture, a cheerfully crackling fire and, perched on top of the wardrobe -
　　"Hedwig!" Roberto gasped.
　　The snowy owl clicked her beak and fluttered down onto Roberto's arm.
　　"Very smart owl you've got there, chuckled Oscar. "Arrived about five minutes after you did. If there's anything you need, Mr. Gonzales, don't hesitate to ask."
　　He gave another bow and left.
　　Roberto sat on his bed for a long time, absentmindedly stroking Hedwig. The sky outside the window was changing rapidly from deep, velvety blue to cold, steely gray and then, slowly, to pink shot with gold. Roberto could hardly believe that he'd left Privet Drive only a few hours ago, that he wasn't expelled, and that he was now facing two completely Carrizo-free weeks.
　　"It's been a very weird night, Hedwig," he yawned.
　　And without even removing his glasses, he slumped back onto his pillows and fell asleep.
　　CHAPTER FOUR
　　THE LEAKY CAULDDIEGO
　　It took Roberto several days to get used to his strange new freedom. Never before had he been able to get up whenever he wanted or eat whatever he fancied. He could even go wherever he pleased, as long as it was in Diagon Alley, and as this long cobbled street was packed with the most fascinating wizarding shops in the world, Roberto felt no desire to break his word to Fudge and stray back into the Muggle world.
　　Roberto ate breakfast each morning in the Leaky Cauldron, where he liked watching the other guests: funny little witches from the country, up for a day's shopping; venerable-looking wizards arguing over the latest article in Transfiguration Today; wild-looking warlocks; raucous dwarfs; and once, what looked suspiciously like a hag, who ordered a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava.
　　After breakfast Roberto would go out into the backyard, take out his wand, tap the third brick from the left above the trash bit,, and stand back as the archway into Diagon Alley opened in the wall.
　　Roberto spent the long sunny days exploring the shops and eating under the brightly colored umbrellas outside cafes, where his fellow diners were showing one another their purchases ( " it , s a lunascope, old boy -- no more messing around with moon charts, see?") or else discussing the case of Gustavo Martinez ("personalty, I won't let any of the children out alone until he's back in Azkaban"). Roberto didn't have to do his homework under the blankets by flashlight anymore; now he could sit in the bright sunshine outside Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlor, finishing all his essays with occasional help from Florean Fortescue himself, who, apart from knowing a great deal about medieval witch burnings, gave Roberto free sundaes every half an hour.
　　Once Roberto had refilled his money bag with gold Galleons, silver Sickles, and bronze Knuts from his vault at Gringotts, he had to exercise a lot of self-control not to spend the whole lot at once. He had to keep reminding himself that he had five years to go at Hogwarts, and how it would feel to ask the Carrizos for money for spellbooks, to stop himself from buying a handsome set of solid gold Gobstones (a wizarding game rather like marbles, in which the stones squirt a nasty-smelling liquid into the other player's face when they lose a point). He was sorely tempted, too, by the perfect, moving model of the galaxy in a large glass ball, which would have meant he never had to take another Astronomy lesson. But the thing that tested Roberto's resolution most appeared in his favorite shop, Quality Quidditch Supplies, a week after he'd arrived at the Leaky Cauldron.
　　Curious to know what the crowd in the shop was staring at, Roberto edged his way inside and squeezed in among the excited witches and wizards until he glimpsed a newly erected podium, on which was mounted the most magnificent broom he had ever seen in his life.
　　"Just come out -- prototype --" a square-jawed wizard was telling his companion.
　　"It's the fastest broom in the world, isn't it, Dad?" squeaked a boy younger than Roberto, who was swinging off his father's arm.
　　"Irish International Side's Just put in an order for seven of these beauties!" the proprietor of the shop told the crowd. "And they're favorites for the World Cup!"
　　A large witch in front of Roberto moved, and he was able to read the sign next to the broom:
　　** THE FIREBOLT **
　　THIS STATE-OF-THE-ART PACING BROOM SPORTS A STREAM-LINED, SUPERFINE HANDLE OF ASH, TREATED WITH A DIAMOND-HARD POLISH AND HAND- NUMBERED WITH ITS OWN REGISTRATION NUMBER. EACH INDIVIDUALLY SELECTED BIRCH TWIG IN THE BROOMTAIL HAS BEEN HONED TO AERODYNAMIC PERFECTION, GIVING THE FIREBOLT UNSURPASSABLE BALANCE AND PINPOINT PRECISION. THE FIREBOLT HAS AN ACCELERATION OF 150 MILES AN HOUR IN TEN SECONDS AND INCORPORATES AN UNBREAKABLE BRAKING CHARM. PRICE ON REQUEST.
　　Price on request... Roberto didn't like to think how much gold the Firebolt would cost. He had never wanted anything as much in his whole life -- but he had never lost a Quidditch match on his Nim bus Two Thousand, and what was the point in emptying his Gringotts vault for the Firebolt, when he had a very good broom already? Roberto didn't ask for the price, but he returned, almost every day after that, just to look at the Firebolt.
　　There were, however, things that Roberto needed to buy. He went to the Apothecary to replenish his store of potions ingredients, and as his school robes were now several inches too short in the arm and leg, he visited Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions and bought new ones. Most important of all, he had to buy his new schoolbooks, which would include those for his two new subjects, Care of Magical Creatures and Divination.
　　Roberto got a surprise as he looked in at the bookshop window. Instead of the usual display of gold- embossed spellbooks the size of paving slabs, there was a large iron cage behind the glass that held about a hundred copies of The Monster Book of Monsters. Torn pages were flying everywhere as the books grappled with each other, locked together in furious wrestling matches and snapping aggressively.
　　Roberto pulled his booklist out of his pocket and consulted it for the first time. The Monster Book of Monsters was listed as the required book for Care of Magical Creatures. Now Roberto understood why Villalba had said it would come in useful. He felt relieved; he had been wondering whether Villalba wanted help with some terrifying new pet.
　　As Roberto entered Flourish and Blotts, the manager came hurrying toward him.
　　"Hogwarts?" he said abruptly. "Come to get your new books?"
　　"Yes," said Roberto, "I need --"
　　"Get out of the way," said the manager impatiently, brushing Roberto aside. He drew on a pair of very thick gloves, picked up a large, knobbly walking stick, and proceeded toward the door of the Monster Books' cage.
　　"Hang on," said Roberto quickly, "I've already got one of those."
　　"Have you?" A look of enormous relief spread over the manager's face. "Thank heavens for that. I've been bitten five times already this morning --"
　　A loud ripping noise rent the air; two of the Monster Books had seized a third and were pulling it apart.
　　"Stop it! Stop it!" cried the manager, poking the walking stick through the bars and knocking the books apart. "I'm never stocking them again, never! It's been bedlam! I thought we'd seen the worst when we bought two hundred copies of the Invisible Book of Invisibility -cost a fortune, and we never found them.... Well... is there anything else I can help you with?"
　　"Yes," said Roberto, looking down his booklist, "I need Unfogging the Future by Cassandra Vablatsky."
　　"Ah, starting Divination, are you?" said the manager, stripping off his gloves and leading Roberto into the back of the shop, where there was a corner devoted to fortune-telling. A small table was stacked with volumes such as Predicting the Unpredictable: Insulate Yourself Against Shocks and Broken Balls: When Fortunes Turn Foul.
　　"Here you are,,' said the manager, who had climbed a set of steps to take down a thick, black- bound book. "Unfogging the Future. Very good guide to all your basic fortune-telling methods - palmistry, crystal balls, bird entrails.
　　But Roberto wasn't listening. His eyes had fallen on another book, which was among a display on a small table: Death Omens.- What to Do When You Know the Worst Is Coming.
　　"Oh, I wouldn't read that if I were you," said the manager lightly, looking to see what Roberto was staring at. "You'll start seeing death omens everywhere. It's enough to frighten anyone to death. "
　　But Roberto continued to stare at the front cover of the book; it showed a black dog large as a bear, with gleaming eyes. It looked oddly familiar...
　　The manager pressed Unfogging the Future into Roberto's hands.
　　"Anything else?" he said.
　　"Yes," said Roberto, tearing his eyes away from the dog's and dazedly consulting his booklist. "Er -- I need Intermediate Transfiguration and The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Three."
　　Roberto emerged from Flourish and Blotts ten minutes later with his new books under his arms and made his way back to the Leaky Cauldron, hardly noticing where he was going and bumping into several people.
　　He tramped up the stairs to his room, went inside, and tipped his books onto his bed. Somebody had been in to tidy; the windows were open and sun was pouring inside. Roberto could hear the buses rolling by in the unseen Muggle street behind him and the sound of the invisible crowd below in Diagon Alley. He caught sight of himself in the mirror over the basin.
　　"It can't have been a death omen," he told his reflection defiantly. "I was panicking when I saw that thing in Magnolia Crescent.... It was probably just a stray dog...."
　　He raised his hand automatically and tried to make his hair lie flat
　　"You're fighting a losing battle there, dear," said his mirror in a vvheezy voice.
　　As the days slipped by, Roberto started looking wherever he went for a sign of Diego or Carolina. Plenty of Hogwarts students were arriving in Diagon Alley now, with the start of term so near. Roberto met Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, his fellow Gryffindors, in Quality Quidditch Supplies, where they too were ogling the Firebolt; he also ran into the real Mauricio Silva, a round-faced, forgetful boy, outside Flourish and Blotts. Roberto didn't stop to chat; Mauricio appeared to have mislaid his booklist and was being told off by his very formidable-looking grandmother. Roberto hoped she never found out that he'd pretended to be Mauricio while on the run from the Ministry of Magic.
　　Roberto woke on the last day of the holidays, thinking that he would at least meet Diego and Carolina tomorrow, on the Hogwarts Express. He got up, dressed, went for a last look at the Firebolt, and was just wondering where he'd have lunch, when someone yelled his name and he turned.
　　"Roberto! ROBERTO!"
　　They were there, both of them, sitting outside Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlor -- Diego looking incredibly freckly, Her,,one very brown, both waving frantically at him.
　　"Finally!" said Diego, grinning at Roberto as he sat down. "We went to the Leaky Cauldron, but they said you'd left, and we went to Flourish and Blotts, and Madam Malkin's, and --"
　　"I got all my school stuff last week," Roberto explained. "And how come You knew I'm staying at the Leaky Cauldron?" "Dad," said Diego simply.
　　Mr. Lopez, who worked at the Ministry of Magic, would of course have heard the whole story of what had happened to Aunt Marge.
　　"Did you really blow up your aunt, Roberto?" said Carolina in a very serious voice.
　　"I didn't mean to," said Roberto, while Diego roared with laughter. "I just -- lost control."
　　"It's not funny, Diego," said Carolina sharply. "Honestly, I'm amazed Roberto wasn't expelled."
　　"So am I," admitted Roberto. "Forget expelled, I thought I was going to be arrested." He looked at Diego. "Your dad doesn't know why Fudge let me off, does he?"
　　"Probably 'cause it's you, isn't it?" shrugged Diego, still chuckling. "Famous Roberto Gonzales and all that. I'd hate to see what the Ministry'd do to me if I blew up an aunt. Mind you, they'd have to dig me up first, because Mum would've killed me. Anyway, you can ask Dad yourself this evening. We're staying at the Leaky Cauldron tonight too! So you can come to King's Cross with us tomorrow! Carolina's there as well!"
　　Carolina nodded, beaming. "Mum and Dad dropped me off this morning with all my Hogwarts things."
　　"Excellent!" said Roberto happily. "So, have you got all your new books and stuff?"
　　"Look at this," said Diego, pulling a long thin box out of a bag and opening it. "Brand-new wand. Fourteen inches, willow, containing one unicorn tail-hair. And we've got all our books --" He pointed at a large bag under his chair. "What about those Monster Books, eh? The assistant nearly cried when we said we wanted two."
　　"What's all that, Carolina?" Roberto asked, pointing at not one but three bulging bags in the chair next to her.
　　,,Well, I'm taking more new subjects than you, aren't IF' said Carolina. "Those are my books for Arithmancy, Care of Magical Creatures, Divination, the Study of Ancient Runes, Muggle Studies --"
　　"What are you doing Muggle Studies for?" said Diego, rolling his eyes at Roberto. "You're Muggle- born! Your mum and dad are Muggles! You already know all about Muggles!"
　　"But it'll be fascinating to study them from the wizarding point of view," said Carolina earnestly.
　　"Are you planning to eat or sleep at all this year, Carolina?" asked Roberto, while Diego sniggered. Carolina ignored them.
　　"I've still got ten Galleons," she said, checking her purse. "It's my birthday in September, and Mum and Dad gave me some money to get myself an early birthday present."
　　"How about a nice book? said Diego innocently.
　　"No, I don't think so," said Carolina composedly. "I really want an owl. I mean, Roberto's got Hedwig and you've got Errol --"
　　"I haven't," said Diego. "Errol's a family owl. All I've got is Scabbers." He pulled his pet rat out of his pocket. "And I want to get him checked over," he added, placing Scabbers on the table in front of them. "I don't think Egypt agreed with him."
　　Scabbers was looking thinner than usual, and there was a definite droop to his whiskers.
　　"There's a magical creature shop just over there," said Roberto, who knew Diagon Alley very well by now. "You could see if they've got anything for Scabbers, and Carolina can get her owl,"
　　So they paid for their ice cream and crossed the street to the Magical Menagerie.
　　There wasn't much room inside. Every inch of wall was hidden by cages. It was smelly and very noisy because the occupants Of these cages were all squeaking, squawking, jabbering, or hissing. The witch behind the counter was already advising a wizard on the care of double-ended newts, so Roberto, Diego, and Carolina waited, examining the cages.
　　A pair of enormous purple toads sat gulping wetly and feasting on dead blowflies. A gigantic tortoise with a jewel-encrusted shell was glittering near the window. Poisonous orange snails were oozing slowly up the side of their glass tank, and a fat white rabbit kept changing into a silk top hat and back again with a loud popping noise. Then there were cats of every color, a noisy cage of ravens, a basket of funny custard-colored furballs that were humming loudly, and on the counter, a vast cage of sleek black rats that were playing some sort of skipping game using their long, bald tails.
　　The double-ended newt wizard left, and Diego approached the counter.
　　"It's my rat," he told the witch. "He been a bit off-color ever since I brought him back from Egypt."
　　"Bang him on the counter," said the witch, pulling a pair of heavy black spectacles out of her pocket.
　　Diego lifted Scabbers out of his inside pocket and placed him next to the cage of his fellow rats, who stopped their skipping tricks and scuffled to the wire for a better took.
　　Like nearly everything Diego owned, Scabbers the rat was secondhand (he had once belonged to Diego's brother Miguel) and a bit battered. Next to the glossy rats in the cage, he looked especially woebegone.
　　"Hm," said the witch, picking up Scabbers. "How old is this rat?"
　　"Dunno," said Diego. "Quite old. He used to belong to my brother."
　　"What powers does he have?" said the witch, examining Scabbers closely.
　　"Er --" The truth was that Scabbers had never shown the faintest trace of interesting powers. The witchs eyes moved from Scabbers's tattered left ear to his front paw, which had a toe missing, and tutted loudly.
　　"He's been through the mill, this one," she said.
　　"He was like that when Miguel gave him to me," said Diego defensively.
　　"An ordinary common or garden rat like this can't be expected to live longer than three years or so," said the witch. "Now, if you were looking for something a bit more hard-wearing, you might like one of these --"
　　She indicated the black rats, who promptly started skipping again. Diego muttered, "Show-offs."
　　"Well, if you Don't want a replacement, you can try this rat tonic," said the witch, reaching under the counter and bringing out a small red bottle.
　　"Okay," said Diego. "How much -- OUCH!"
　　Diego buckled as something huge and orange came soaring from the top of the highest cage, landed on his head, and then propelled itself, spitting madly, at Scabbers.
　　"NO, CROOKSHANKS, NO!" cried the witch, but Scabbers, shot from between her hands like a bar of soap, landed splay-legged on the floor, and then scampered for the door.
　　"Scabbers!" Diego shouted, racing out of the shop after him; Roberto followed.
　　It took them nearly ten minutes to catch Scabbers, who had taken refuge under a wastepaper bin outside Quality Quidditch Supplies. Diego stuffed the trembling rat back into his pocket and straightened up, massaging his head.
　　"What was that?"
　　"It was either a very big cat or quite a small tiger," said Roberto.
　　"Where's Carolina?"
　　"Probably getting her owl
　　They made their way back up the crowded street to the Magical Menagerie. As they reached it, Carolina came out, but she wasn't carrying an owl. Her arms were clamped tightly around the enormous ginger cat.
　　"You bought that monster?" said Diego, his mouth hanging open.
　　"He's gorgeous, isn't he?" said Carolina, glowing.
　　That was a matter of opinion, thought Roberto. The cat's ginger fur was thick and fluffy, but it was definitely a bit bowlegged and its face looked grumpy and oddly squashed, as though it had run headlong into a brick wall. Now that Scabbers was out of sight, however, the cat was purring contentedly in Carolina's arms.
　　"Herinione, that thing nearly scalped me!" said Diego.
　　"He didn't mean to, did you, Crookshanks?" said Carolina.
　　"And what about Scabbers?" said Diego, pointing at the lump in his chest pocket. "He needs rest and relaxation! How's he going to get it with that thing around?"
　　"That reminds me, you forgot your rat tonic," said Carolina, slapping the small red bottle into Diego's hand. "And stop worrying, Crookshanks will be sleeping in my dormitory and Scabbers in yours, what's the problem? Poor Crookshanks, that witch said he'd been in there for ages; no one wanted him."
　　"Wonder why," said Diego sarcastically as they set off toward the Leaky Cauldron.
　　They found Mr. Lopez sitting in the bar, reading the Daily prophet.
　　"Roberto!" he said, smiling as he looked up. "How are you?"
　　"Fine, thanks," said Roberto as he, Diego, and Carolina joined Mr. Lopez with A their shopping.
　　Mr. Lopez put down his paper, and Roberto saw the now familiar picture of Gustavo Martinez staring up at him.
　　"They still haven't caught him, then?" he asked.
　　"No," said Mr. Lopez, looking extremely grave. "They've pulled us all off our regular jobs at the Ministry to try and find him, but no luck so far."
　　"Would we get a reward if we caught him?" asked Diego. "It'd be good to get some more money --"
　　"Don't be ridiculous, Diego," said Mr. Lopez, who on closer inspection looked very strained. "Martinez's not going to be caught by a thirteen-year-old wizard. It's the Azkaban guards who'll get him back, You mark my words."
　　At that moment Mrs. Lopez entered the bar, laden with shopping bags and followed by the twins, Pablo and Luis, who were about to start their fifth year at Hogwarts; the newly elected Head Boy, Miguel; and the Lopezs' youngest child and only girl, Martina.
　　Martina, who had always been very taken with Roberto, seemed even more heartily embarrassed than usual when she saw him, perhaps because he had saved her life during their previous year at Hogwarts. She went very red and muttered "hello" without looking at him. Miguel, however, held out his hand solemnly as though he and Roberto had never met and said, "Roberto. How nice to see you.
　　"Hello, Miguel," said Roberto, trying not to laugh.
　　I hope you're well?" said Miguel pompously, shaking hands. It was rather like being introduced to the mayor.
　　"Very well, thanks --"
　　"Roberto!" said Pablo, elbowing Miguel out of the way and bowing deeply. "Simply splendid to see you, old boy --"
　　"Marvelous," said Luis, pushing Pablo aside and seizing Roberto's hand in turn. "Absolutely spiffing."
　　Miguel scowled.
　　"That's enough, now," said Mrs. Lopez.
　　"Mum!" said Pablo as though he'd only just spotted her and seizing her hand too. "How really corking to see you --"
　　"I said, that's enough," said Mrs. Lopez, depositing her shopping in an empty chair. "Hello, Roberto, dear. I suppose you've heard our exciting news?" She pointed to the brand-new silver badge on Miguel's chest. "Second Head Boy in the family!" she said, swelling with pride.
　　"And last," Pablo muttered under his breath.
　　I don't doubt that," said Mrs. Lopez, frowning suddenly. "I notice they haven't made you two prefects."
　　"What do we want to be prefects for?" said Luis, looking revolted at the very idea. "It'd take all the fun out of life."
　　Martina giggled.
　　"Yo u want to set a better example for your sister!" snapped Mrs. Lopez.
　　"Martina's got other brothers to set her an example, Mother," said Miguel loftily. "I'm going up to change for dinner..."
　　He disappeared and Luis heaved a sigh.
　　"We tried to shut him in a pyramid," he told Roberto. "But Mum spotted us."
　　Dinner that night was a very enjoyable affair. Oscar the innkeeper put three tables together in the parlor, and the seven Lopezs, Roberto, and Carolina ate their way through five delicious courses.
　　"How're we getting to King's Cross tomorrow, Dad?" asked Pablo as they dug into a sumptuous chocolate pudding.
　　"The Ministry's providing a couple of cars," said Mr. Lopez.
　　Everyone looked up at him.
　　"Why?" said Miguel curiously.
　　"It's because of you, Perce," said Luis seriously. "And there'll be little flags on the hoods, with HB on them"
　　"-- for Humongous Bighead," said Pablo.
　　Everyone except Miguel and Mrs. Lopez snorted into their pudding.
　　"Why are the Ministry providing cars, Father?" Miguel asked again, in a dignified voice.
　　"Well, as we haven't got one anymore," said Mr. Lopez,
　　"-- and as I work there, they're doing me a favor --"
　　His voice was casual, but Roberto couldn't help noticing that Mr. Lopez's ears had gone red, just like Diego's did when he was under Pressure.
　　"Good thing, too," said Mrs. Lopez briskly. "Do you realize how much luggage you've all got between you? A nice sight you'd be on the Muggle Underground.... You are all packed, aren't you?"
　　"Diego hasn't put all his new things in his trunk yet," said Miguel, in a long-suffering voice. "He's dumped them on my bed."
　　"You'd better go and pack properly, Diego, because we won't have much time in the morning," Mrs. Lopez called down the table. Diego scowled at Miguel.
　　After dinner everyone felt very full and sleepy. One by one they made their way upstairs to their rooms to check their things for the next day. Diego and Miguel were next door to Roberto. He had just closed and locked his own trunk when he heard angry voices through the wall, and went to see what was going on.
　　The door of number twelve was ajar and Miguel was shouting.
　　"It was here, on the bedside table, I took it off for polishing
　　"I haven't touched it, all right?" Diego roared back.
　　"What's up?" said Roberto.
　　"My Head Boy badge is gone," said Miguel, rounding on Roberto.
　　"So's Scabbers's rat tonic," said Diego, throwing things out of his trunk to look. "I think I might've left it in the bar --"
　　"You're not going anywhere till you've found my badge!" yelled Miguel.
　　"I'll get Scabbers's stuff, I'm packed," Roberto said to Diego, and he went downstairs.
　　Roberto was halfway along the passage to the bar, which was now very dark, when he heard another pair of angry voices coming from the parlor. A second later, he recognized them as Mr. and Mrs.
　　Lopezs'. He hesitated, not wanting them to know he'd heard them arguing, when the sound of his own name made him stop, then move closer to the parlor door.
　　"--makes no sense not to tell him," Mr. Lopez was saying heatedly. "Roberto's got a right to know. I've tried to tell Fudge, but he insists on treating Roberto like a child. He's thirteen years old and --"
　　"Raul, the truth would terrify him!" said Mrs. Lopez shrilly. "Do you really want to send Roberto back to school with that hanging over him? For heaven's sake, he's happy not knowing!"
　　"I don't want to make him miserable, I want to put him on his guard!" retorted Mr. Lopez. "You know what Roberto and Diego are like, wandering off by themselves -- they've ended up in the Forbidden Forest twice! But Roberto mustn't do that this year! When I think what could have happened to him that night he ran away from home! If the Knight Bus hadn't picked him up, I'm prepared to bet he would have been dead before the Ministry found him."
　　"But he's not dead, he's fine, so what's the point
　　"Alicia, they say Gustavo Martinez's mad, and maybe he is, but he was clever enough to escape from Azkaban, and that's supposed to be impossible. It's been three weeks, and no one's seen hide nor hair of him, and I don't care what Fudge keeps telling the Daily Prophet, we're no nearer catching Martinez than inventing self-spelling wands. The only thing we know for sure is what Martinez's after
　　"But Roberto will be perfectly safe at Hogwarts."
　　"We thought Azkaban was perfectly safe. If Martinez can break out of Azkaban, he can break into Hogwarts."
　　"But no one's really sure that Martinez's after Roberto
　　There was a thud on wood, and Roberto was sure Mr. Lopez had banged his fist on the table.
　　"Alicia, how many times do I have to tell you? They didn't report it in the press because Fudge wanted it kept quiet, but Fudge went out to Azkaban the night Martinez escaped. The guards told Fudge that Martinezs been talking in his sleep for a while now. Always the same words: 'He's at Hogwarts... he's at Hogwarts.' Martinez is deranged, Alicia, and he wants Roberto dead. If you ask me, he thinks murdering Roberto will bring You-Know-Who back to pow er. Martinez lost everything the night Roberto stopped You- Know-Who, and he's had twelve years alone in Azkaban to brood on that...."
　　There was a silence. Roberto leaned still closer to the door, desperate to hear more.
　　"Well, Raul, you must do what you think is right. But you're forgetting Alfonso Dominguez. I don't think anything could hurt Roberto at Hogwarts while Dominguez's headmaster. I suppose he knows about all this?"
　　"Of course he knows. We had to ask him if he minds the Azkaban guards stationing themselves around the entrances to the school grounds. He wasn't happy about it, but he agreed."
　　"Not happy? Why shouldn't he be happy, if they're there to catch Martinez?"
　　"Dominguez isn't fond of the Azkaban guards," said Mr. Lopez heavily. "Nor am 1, if it comes to that... but when you're dealing with a wizard like Martinez, you sometimes have to join forces with those you'd rather avoid."
　　"If they save Roberto then I will never say another word against them, said Mr. Lopez wearily. "It's late, Alicia, we'd better go up...."
　　Roberto heard chairs move. As quietly as he could, he hurried down the passage to the bar and out of sight. The parlor door opened, and a few seconds later footsteps told him that Mr. and Mrs. Lopez were climbing the stairs.
　　The bottle of rat tonic was lying under the table they had sat at earlier. Roberto waited until he heard Mr. and Mrs. Lopez's bedroom door close, then headed back upstairs with the bottle.
　　Pablo and Luis were crouching in the shadows on the landing, heaving with laughter as they listened to Miguel dismantling his and Diego's room in search of his badge.
　　"We've got it," Pablo whispered to Roberto. "We've been improving it."
　　The badge now read Bighead Boy.
　　Roberto forced a laugh, went to give Diego the rat tonic, then shut himself in his room and lay down on his bed.
　　So Gustavo Martinez was after him. This explained everything. Fudge had been lenient with him because he was so relieved to find him alive. He'd made Roberto promise to stay in Diagon Alley where there were plenty of wizards to keep an eye on him. And he was sending two Ministry cars to take them all to the station tomorrow, so that the Lopezs could look after Roberto until he was on the train.
　　Roberto lay listening to the muffled shouting next door and wondered why he didn't feel more scared. Gustavo Martinez had murdered thirteen people with one curse; Mr. and Mrs, Lopez obviously thought Roberto would be panic-stricken if he knew the truth. But Roberto happened to agree wholeheartedly with Mrs. Lopez that the safest place on earth was wherever Alfonso Dominguez happened to be. Didn't people always say that Dominguez was the only person Lord Salvador had ever been afraid of? Surely Martinez, as Salvador's right-hand man, would be just as frightened of him?
　　And then there were these Azkaban guards everyone kept talking about. They seemed to scare most people senseless, and if they were stationed all around the school, Martinez's chances of getting inside seemed very remote.
　　No, all in all, the thing that bothered Roberto most was the fact that his chances of visiting Hogsmeade now looked like zero. Nobody would want Roberto to leave the safety of the castle until Martinez was caught; in fact, Roberto suspected his every move would be carefully watched until the danger had passed.
　　He scowled at the dark ceiling. Did they think he couldn't look after himself? He'd escaped Lord Salvador three times; he wasn't completely useless....
　　Unbidden, the image of the beast in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent crossed his mind. What to do when you know the worst is coming...
　　"I'm not going to be murdered," Roberto said out loud.
　　"That's the spirit, dear," said his mirror sleepily.
　　CHAPTER FIVE
　　THE DEMENTOR
　　Oscar woke Roberto the next morning with his usual toothless grin and a cup of tea. Roberto got dressed and was just persuading a disgruntled Hedwig to get back into her cage when Diego banged his way into the room, pulling a sweatshirt over his head and looking irritable.
　　"The sooner we get on the train, the better," he said. "At least I can get away from Miguel at Hogwarts. Now he's accusing me of dripping tea on his photo of Penelope Clearwater. You know," Diego grimaced, "his girlfriend. She's hidden her face under the frame because her nose has gone all blotchy..."
　　"I've got something to tell you," Roberto began, but they were interrupted by Pablo and Luis, who had looked in to congratulate Diego on infuriating Miguel again.
　　They headed down to breakfast, where Mr. Lopez was reading the front page of the Daily Prophet with a furrowed brow and Mrs. Lopez was telling Carolina and Martina about a love potion she'd made as a young girl. All three of them were rather giggly.
　　"What were you saying?" Diego asked Roberto as they sat down.
　　"Later," Roberto muttered as Miguel stormed in.
　　Roberto had no chance to speak to Diego or Carolina in the chaos of leaving; they were too busy heaving all their trunks down the Leaky Cauldron's narrow staircase and piling them up near the door, with Hedwig and Hermes, Miguel's screech owl, perched on top in their cages. A small wickerwork basket stood beside the heap of trunks, spitting loudly.
　　"It's all right, Crookshanks," Carolina cooed through the wickerwork. "I'll let you out on the train."
　　"You won't," snapped Diego. "What about poor Scabbers, eh?"
　　He pointed at his chest, where a large lump indicated that Scabbers was curled up in his pocket.
　　Mr. Lopez, who had been outside waiting for the Ministry cars, stuck his head inside.
　　"They're here, he said. "Roberto, come on."
　　Mr. Lopez marched Roberto across the short stretch of pavement toward the first of two old- fashioned dark green cars, each of which was driven by a furtive-looking wizard wearing a suit of emerald velvet.
　　"In you get, Roberto," said Mr. Lopez, glancing up and down the crowded street.
　　Roberto got into the back of the car and was shortly joined by Carolina, Diego, and, to Diego's disgust, Miguel.
　　The journey to King's Cross was very uneventful compared with Roberto's trip on the Knight Bus. The Ministry of Magic cars seemed almost ordinary. though Roberto noticed that they could slide through gaps that Uncle Francisco's new company car certainly couldn't have managed. They reached King's Cross with twenty minutes to spare; the Ministry drivers found them trolleys, unloaded their trunks, touched their hats in salute to Mr. Lopez, and drove away, somehow managing to jump to the head of an unmoving line at the traffic lights.
　　Mr. Lopez kept close to Roberto's elbow all the way into the station.
　　"Right then," he said, glancing around them. "Let's do this in pairs, as there are so many of us. I'll go through first with Roberto."
　　Mr. Lopez strolled toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten, pushing Roberto's trolley and apparently very interested in the InterCity 125 that had just arrived at platform nine. With a meaningful look at Roberto, he leaned casually against the barrier. Roberto imitated him.
　　In a moment, they had fallen sideways through the solid metal onto platform nine and three- quarters and looked up to see the Hogwarts Express, a scarlet steam engine, puffing smoke over a platform packed with witches and wizards seeing their children onto the train.
　　Miguel and Martina suddenly appeared behind Roberto. They were panting and had apparently taken the barrier at a run.
　　"Ah, there's Penelope!" said Miguel, smoothing his hair and going Pink again. Martina caught Roberto's eye, and they both turned away to hide their laughter as Miguel strode over to a girl with long, curly hair, walking with his chest thrown out so that she couldn't miss his shiny badge. stood back to let him on. They leaned out of the window and waved at Mr. and Mrs. Lopez until the train turned a corner and blocked them from view.
　　"I need to talk to you in private," Roberto muttered to Diego and Carolina as the train picked up speed.
　　"Go away, Martina," said Diego.
　　"Oh, that's nice," said Martina huffily, and she stalked off.
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina set off down the corridor, looking for an empty compartment, but all were full except for the one at the very end of the train.
　　This had only one occupant, a man sitting fast asleep next to the window. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina checked on the threshold. The Hogwarts Express was usually reserved for students and they had never seen an adult there before, except for the witch who pushed the food cart.
　　The stranger was wearing an extremely shabby set of wizard's robes that had been darned in several places. He looked ill and exhausted. Though quite young, his light brown hair was flecked with gray.
　　"Who d'you reckon he is?" Diego hissed as they sat down and slid the door shut, taking the seats farthest away from the window.
　　"Professor R. J. Cardozo," whispered Carolina at once.
　　"How d'you know that?"
　　"It's on his case," she replied, pointing at the luggage rack over the man's head, where there was a small, battered case held together with a large quantity of neatly knotted string. The name Professor R. J. Cardozo was stamped across one corner in peeling letters.
　　"Wonder what he teaches?" said Diego, frowning at Professor Cardozo's pallid profile.
　　"That's obvious," whispered Carolina. "There's only one vacancy, isn't there? Defense Against the Dark Arts."
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina had already had two Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, both of whom had lasted only one year. There were rumors that the job was jinxed.
　　"well, I hope he's up to it," said Diego doubtfully. "He looks like on, good hex would finish him off, doesn't he? Anyway..." He turned to Roberto. "What were you going to tell us?"
　　Roberto explained all about Mr. and Mrs. Lopez's argument and the warning Mr. Lopez had just given him. \When he'd finished, Diego looked thunderstruck, and Carolina had her hands over her mouth. She finally lowered them to say, "Gustavo Martinez escaped to come after you? Oh, Roberto... you'll have to be really, really careful. don't go looking for trouble, Roberto --"
　　"I Don't go looking for trouble," said Roberto, nettled. "Trouble usually finds me."
　　"How thick would Roberto have to be, to go looking for a nutter who wants to kill him?" said Diego shakily.
　　They were taking the news worse than Roberto had expected. Both Diego and Carolina seemed to be much more frightened of Martinez than he was.
　　"No one knows how he got out of Azkaban," said Diego uncomfortably. "No one's ever done it before. And he was a top-security prisoner too."
　　"But they'll catch him, won't they?" said Carolina earnestly. "I Mean, they've got all the Muggles looking out for him too...." "What's that noise?" said Diego suddenly.
　　A faint, tinny sort of whistle was coming from somewhere. The, looked all around the compartment.
　　"It's coming from your trunk, Roberto," said Diego, standing UP and reaching into the luggage rack. A moment later he had pulled the Pocket Sneakoscope out from between Roberto's robes. It was spinning very fast in the palm of Diego's hand and glowing brilliantly.
　　"Is that a Sneakoscope?" said Carolina interestedly, standing up for a better look.
　　"Yeah... mind you, it's a very cheap one," Diego said. "It went haywire just as I was tying it to Errol's leg to send it to Roberto."
　　"Were you doing anything untrustworthy at the time?" said Carolina shrewdly.
　　"No! Well... I wasn't supposed to be using Errol. You know he's not really up to long journeys... but how else was I supposed to get Roberto's present to him?"
　　"Stick it back in the trunk," Roberto advised as the Sneakoscope whistled piercingly, "or it'll wake him up."
　　He nodded toward Professor Cardozo. Diego stuffed the Sneakoscope into a particularly horrible pair of Uncle Francisco's old socks, which deadened the sound, then closed the lid of the trunk on it.
　　"We could get it checked in Hogsmeade," said Diego, sitting back down. "They sell that sort of thing in Dervish and Banges, magical instruments and stuff. Pablo and Luis told me."
　　"Do you know much about Hogsmeade?" asked Carolina keenly. "I've read it's the only entirely non-Muggle settlement in Britain --"
　　"Yeah, I think it is," said Diego in an offhand sort of way.
　　"But that's not Why I want to go. I just want to get inside Honey Dukes."
　　"What's that?" said Carolina.
　　"It's this sweetshop," said Diego, a dreamy look coming over his face, "where they've got everything... Pepper Imps -- they make you smoke at the mouth -- and great fat Paulacoballs full of strawberry mousse and clotted cream, and really excellent sugar quills, which you can suck in class and just look like you're thinking what to write next --"
　　"But Hogsmeade's a very interesting place, isn't it?" Carolina pressed on eagerly. "In Sites of Historical Sorcery it says the inn was the headquarters for the 1612 goblin rebellion, and the Shrieking Shades supposed to be the most severely haunted building in Britain --"
　　"-- and massive sherbert balls that make you levitate a few inches off the ground while you're sucking them," said Diego, who was plainly not listening to a word Carolina was saying.
　　Carolina looked around at Roberto.
　　"Won't it be nice to get out of school for a bit and explore Hogsmeade?"
　　"'Spect it will," said Roberto heavily. "You'll have to tell me when You've found out."
　　"What d'you mean?" said Diego.
　　"I can't go. The Carrizos didn't sign my permission form, and Fudge wouldn't either."
　　Diego looked horrified.
　　""You're not allowed to come? But -- no way -- Romero or someone will give you permission -- " musclely; Crabbe was taller, with a pudding-bowl haircut and a very thick neck; Goyle had short, bristly hair and long, gorilla-ish arms.
　　"Well, look who it is," said Sosa in his usual lazy drawl, pulling open the compartment door. "Potty and the Weasel."
　　Crabbe and Goyle chuckled trollishly.
　　"I heard your father finally got his hands on some gold this summer, Lopez," said Sosa. "Did your mother die of shock?"
　　Diego stood up so quickly he knocked Crookshanks's basket to the floor. Professor Cardozo gave a snort.
　　"Who's that?" said Sosa, taking an automatic step backward as he spotted Cardozo.
　　"New teacher," said Roberto, who got to his feet, too, in case he needed to hold Diego back. "What were you saying, Sosa?"
　　Sosa's pale eyes narrowed; he wasn't fool enough to pick a fight right under a teacher's nose.
　　"C'mon," he muttered resentfully to Crabbe and Goyle, and they disappeared.
　　Roberto and Diego sat down again, Diego massaging his knuckles.
　　"I'm not going to take any crap from Sosa this year," he said angrily. "I mean it. If he makes one more crack about my family, I'm going to get hold of his head and --"
　　Diego made a violent gesture in midair.
　　"Diego," hissed Carolina, pointing at Professor Cardozo, "be careful..."
　　But Professor Cardozo was still fast asleep.
　　The rain thickened as the train sped yet farther north; the windows were now a solid, shimmering gray, which graduily darkened until lanterns flickered into life all along the corridors and over the luggage racks. The train rattled, the rain hammered, the ind roared, but still, Professor Cardozo slept.
　　"We must be nearly there," said Diego, leaning forward to look past Professor Cardozo at the now completely black window.
　　The words had hardly left him when the train started to slow down.
　　"Great," said Diego, getting up and walking carefully past Professor Cardozo to try and see outside. "I'm starving. I want to get to the feast....
　　"We can't be there yet," said Carolina, checking her watch.
　　"So why're we stopping?"
　　The train was getting slower and slower. As the noise of the pistons fell away, the wind and rain sounded louder than ever against the windows.
　　Roberto, who was nearest the door, got up to look into the corridor. All along the carriage, heads were sticking curiously out of their compartments.
　　The train came to a stop with a jolt, and distant thuds and bangs told them that luggage had fallen out of the racks. Then, without warning, all the lamps went out and they were plunged into total darkness.
　　"'What's going on?" said Diego's voice from behind Roberto.
　　"Ouch!" gasped Carolina. "Diego, that was my foot!"
　　Roberto felt his way back to his seat.
　　"D'you think we've broken down?"
　　"Dunno..."
　　There was a squeaking sound, and Roberto saw the dim black outline of Diego, wiping a patch clean on the window and peering out.
　　"There's something moving out there," Diego said. "I think people are coming aboard...."
　　The compartment door suddenly opened and someone fell painfully over Roberto's legs.
　　"Sorry -- d'you know what's going on? -- Ouch -- sorry
　　"Hullo, Mauricio," said Roberto, feeling around in the dark and pulling Mauricio up by his cloak.
　　"Roberto? Is that you? What's happening?"
　　"No idea -- sit down --"
　　There was a loud hissing and a yelp of pain; Mauricio had tried to sit on Crookshanks.
　　"I'm going to go and ask the driver what's going on," came Carolina's voice. Roberto felt her pass him, heard the door slide open again, and then a thud and two loud squeals of pain.
　　"Who's that?"
　　"Who's that?"
　　"Martina?"
　　"Carolina?"
　　"What are you doing?"
　　"I was looking for Diego --" "Come in and sit down --"
　　"Not here!" said Roberto hurriedly. "I'm here!"
　　"Ouch!" said Mauricio.
　　"Quiet!" said a hoarse voice suddenly.
　　Professor Cardozo appeared to have woken up at last. Roberto could hear movements in his corner.
　　None of them spoke.
　　There was a soft, crackling noise, and a shivering light filled the compartment. Professor Cardozo appeared to be holding a handful of flames. They illuminated his tired, gray face, but his eyes looked alert and wary.
　　"Stay where you are," he said in the same hoarse voice, and he got slowly to his feet with his handful of fire held out in front of him.
　　But the door slid slowly open before Cardozo could reach it.
　　Standing in the doorway, illuminated by the shivering flames in Cardozo's hand, was a cloaked figure that towered to the ceiling. Its face was completely hidden beneath its hood. Roberto's eyes darted downward, and what he saw made his stomach contract. There was a hand protruding from the cloak and it was glistening, grayish, slimy-looking, and scabbed, like something dead that had decayed in water...
　　But it was visible only for a split second. As though the creature beneath the cloak sensed Roberto's gaze, the hand was suddenly withdrawn into the folds of its black cloak.
　　And then the thing beneath the hood, whatever it was, drew a long, slow, rattling breath, as though it were trying to suck something more than air from its surroundings.
　　An intense cold swept over them all. Roberto felt his own breath catch in his chest. The cold went deeper than his skin. It was inside his chest, it was inside his very heart....
　　Roberto's eyes rolled up into his head. He couldn't see. He was drowning in cold. There was a rushing in his ears as though of water. He was being dragged downward, the roaring growing louder. .
　　And then, from far away, he heard screaming, terrible, terrified, pleading screams. He wanted to help whoever it was, he tried to move his arms, but couldn't... a thick white fog was swirling around him, inside him -
　　"Roberto! Roberto! Are you all right?"
　　Someone was slapping his face.
　　"W -- what?"
　　Roberto opened his eyes; there were lanterns above him, and the floor was shaking -- the Hogwarts Express was moving again and the lights had come back on. He seemed to have slid out of his seat onto the floor. Diego and Carolina were kneeling next to him, and above them he could see Mauricio and Professor Cardozo watching. Roberto felt very sick; when he put up his hand to push his glasses back on, he felt cold sweat on his face.
　　Diego and Carolina heaved him back onto his seat.
　　"Are you okay?" Diego asked nervously.
　　"Yeah," said Roberto, looking quickly toward the door. The hooded creature had vanished. "What happened? Where's that -- that thing? Who screamed?"
　　"No one screamed," said Diego, more nervously still.
　　Roberto looked around the bright compartment. Martina and Mauricio looked back at him, both very pale.
　　"But I heard screaming --"
　　A loud snap made them all jump. Professor Cardozo was breaking an enormous slab of chocolate into pieces.
　　"Here," he said to Roberto, handing him a particularly large piece. "Eat it. It'll help."
　　Roberto took the chocolate but didn't eat it.
　　"What was that thing?" he asked Cardozo.
　　"A dementor," said Cardozo, who was now giving chocolate to everyone else. "One of the dementors of Azkaban."
　　Everyone stared at him. Professor Cardozo crumpled up the empty chocolate wrapper and put it in his pocket.
　　"Eat," he repeated. "It'll help. I need to speak to the driver, excuse me...
　　He strolled past Roberto and disappeared into the corridor.
　　"Are you sure you're okay, Roberto?" said Carolina, watching Roberto anxiously.
　　"I Don't get it.... What happened?" said Roberto, wiping more sweat off his face.
　　"Well -- that thing -- the dementor -- stood there and looked around (I mean, I think it did, I couldn't see its face) -- and you -- you
　　"I thought you were having a fit or something," said Diego, who still looked scared. "You went sort of rigid and fell out of your seat and started twitching -- 11
　　"And Professor Cardozo stepped over you, and walked toward the dementor, and pulled out his wand," said Carolina, "and he said, 'None of us is hiding Gustavo Martinez under our cloaks. Go.' But the dementor didn't move, so Cardozo muttered something, and a silvery thing shot out of his wand at it, and it turned around and sort of glided away.... "
　　"It was horrible," said Mauricio, in a higher voice than usual. "Did YOU feel how cold it got when it came in?"
　　I felt weird," said Diego, shifting his shoulders uncomfortably. "Like I'd never be cheerful again...."
　　Martina, who was huddled in her corner looking nearly as bad as Roberto felt, gave a small sob; Carolina went over and put a comforting arm around her.
　　"But didn't any of you -- fall off your seats?" said Roberto awkwardly.
　　"No," said Diego, looking anxiously at Roberto again. "Martina was shaking like mad, though...."
　　Roberto didn't understand. He felt weak and shivery, as though he were recovering from a bad bout of flu; he also felt the beginnings of shame. Why had he gone to pieces like that, when no one else had?
　　Professor Cardozo had come back. He paused as he entered, looked around, and said, with a small smile, "I haven't poisoned that chocolate, you know...."
　　Roberto took a bite and to his great surprise felt warmth spread suddenly to the tips of his fingers and toes.
　　"We'll be at Hogwarts in ten minutes," said Professor Cardozo. "Are you all right, Roberto?"
　　Roberto didn't ask how Professor Cardozo knew his name.
　　"Fine," he muttered, embarrassed.
　　They didn't talk much during the remainder of the journey. At long last, the train stopped at Hogsmeade station, and there was a great scramble to get outside; owls hooted, cats meowed, and Mauricio's pet toad croaked loudly from under his hat. It was freezing on the tiny platform; rain was driving down in icy sheets.
　　"Firs' years this way!" called a familiar voice. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina turned and saw the gigantic outline of Villalba at the other end of the platform, beckoning the terrified-looking new students forward for their traditional journey across the lake.
　　"All right, you three?" Villalba yelled over the heads of the crowd. They waved at him, but had no chance to speak to him because the mass of people around them was shunting them away along the platform. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina followed the rest of the school along the platform and out onto a rough mud track, where at least a hundred stagecoaches awaited the remaining students, each pulled, Roberto could only assume, by an invisible horse, because when they climbed inside and shut the door, the coach set off all by itself, bumping and swaying in procession.
　　The coach smelled faintly of mold and straw. Roberto felt better since the chocolate, but still weak. Diego and Carolina kept looking at him sideways, as though frightened he might collapse again.
　　As the carriage trundled toward a pair of magnificent wrought iron gates, flanked with stone columns topped with winged boars,
　　Roberto saw two more towering, hooded dementors, standing guard on either side. A wave of cold sickness threatened to engulf him again; he leaned back into the lumpy seat and closed his eyes until they had passed the gates. The carriage picked up speed on the long, sloping drive up to the castle; Carolina was leaning out of the tiny window, watching the many turrets and towers draw nearer. At last, the carriage swayed to a halt, and Carolina and Diego got out.
　　As Roberto stepped down, a drawling, delighted voice sounded in his ear.
　　"You fainted, Gonzales? Is Longbottorn telling the truth? You actualy fainted?"
　　Sosa elbowed past Carolina to block Roberto's way up the stone steps to the castle, his face gleeful and his pale eyes glinting maliciously. "Shove off, Sosa," said Diego, whose jaw was clenched.
　　"Did you faint as well, Lopez?" said Sosa loudly. "Did the scary old dementor frighten you too, Lopez?"
　　"Is there a problem?" said a mild voice. Professor Cardozo had just gotten out of the next carriage.
　　Sosa gave Professor Cardozo an insolent stare, which took in the patches on his robes and the delapidated suitcase. With a tiny hint of sarcasm in his voice, he said, "Oh, no -- er -- Professor," then he smirked at Crabbe and Goyle and led them up the steps into the castle.
　　Carolina prodded Diego in the back to make him hurry, and the three of them joined the crowd swarming up the steps, through the giant oak front doors, into the cavernous entrance hall, which was lit with flaming torches, and housed a magnificent marble staircase that led to the upper floors.
　　The door into the Great Hall stood open at the right; Roberto followed the crowd toward it, but had barely glimpsed the enchanted ceiling, which was black and cloudy tonight, when a voice called, "Gonzales! Fernandez! I want to see you both!"
　　Roberto and Carolina turned around, surprised. Professor Romero, Transfiguration teacher and head of Gryffindor House, was calling over the heads of the crowd. She was a sternlooking witch who wore her hair in a tight bun; her sharp eyes were framed with square spectacles. Roberto fought his way over to her with a feeling of foreboding: Professor Romero had a way of making him feel he must have done something wrong.
　　"There's no need to look so worried -- I just want a word in MY office," she told them. "Move along there, Lopez."
　　Diego stared as Professor Romero ushered Roberto and Carolina away from the chattering crowd; they accompanied her across the entrance hall, up the marble staircase, and along a corridor.
　　Once they were in her office, a small room with a large, welcoming fire, Professor Romero motioned Roberto and Carolina to sit down. She settled herself behind her desk and said abruptly, "Professor Cardozo sent an owl ahead to say that you were taken ill on the train, Gonzales."
　　Before Roberto could reply, there was a soft knock on the door and Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, came bustling in.
　　Roberto felt himself going red in the face. It was bad enough that he'd passed out, or whatever he had done, without everyone making all this fuss.
　　"I'm fine," he said, "I don't need anything
　　"Oh, it's you, is it?" said Madam Pomfrey, ignoring this and bending down to stare closely at him. "I suppose you've been doing something dangerous again?"
　　"It was a dementor, Poppy," said Professor Romero.
　　They exchanged a dark look, and Madam Pomfrey clucked disapprovingly.
　　"Setting dementors around a school, she muttered, pushing back Roberto's hair and feeling his forehead. "He won't be the last one who collapses. Yes, he's all clammy. Terrible things, they are, and the effect they have on people who are already delicate
　　"I'm not delicate!" said Roberto crossly.
　　"Of course you're not," said Madam Pomfrey absentmindedly, now taking his pulse.
　　"What does he need?" said Professor Romero crisply. "Bed rest? Should he perhaps spend tonight in the hospital wing?"
　　"I'm fine!" said Roberto, jumping up. The thought of what Javier Sosa would say if he had to go to the hospital wing was torture.
　　"Well, he should have some chocolate, at the very least," said Madam Pomfrey, who was now trying to peer into Roberto's eyes.
　　"I've already had some," said Roberto. "Professor Cardozo gave me some. He gave it to all of us."
　　"Did he, now?" said Madam Pomfrey approvingly. "So we've finally got a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who knows his remedies?"
　　"Are you sure you feel all right, Gonzales?" Professor Romero said sharply.
　　"Yes, "said Roberto.
　　"Very well. Kindly wait outside while I have a quick word with Miss Fernandez about her course schedule, then we can go down to the feast together."
　　Roberto went back into the corridor with Madam Pomfrey, who left for the hospital wing, muttering to herself He had to wait only a few minutes; then Carolina emerged looking very happy about something, followed by Professor Romero, and the three of them made their way back down the marble staircase to the Great Hall.
　　It was a sea of pointed black hats; each of the long House tables was lined with students, their faces glimmering by the light of thousands of candles, which were floating over the tables in midair. Professor Flitwick, who was a tiny little wizard with a shock of white hair, was carrying an ancient hat and a three-legged stool out of the hall.
　　"Oh," said Carolina softly, "we've missed the Sorting!"
　　New students at Hogwarts were sorted into Houses by trying on the sorting Hat, which shouted out the House they were best suited to (Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, or Slytherin). Professor Romero strode off toward her empty seat at the staff table, and Roberto and Carolina set off in the other direction, as quietly as possible, toward the Gryffindor table. People looked around at them as they passed along the back of the hall, and a few of them pointed at Roberto. Had the story of his collapsing in front of the dementor traveled that fast?
　　He and Carolina sat down on either side of Diego, who had saved them seats.
　　"What was all that about?" he muttered to Roberto.
　　Roberto started to explain in a whisper, but at that moment the headmaster stood up to speak, and he broke off.
　　Professor Dominguez, though very old, always gave an impression of great energy. He had several feet of long silver hair and beard, half-moon spectacles, and an extremely crooked nose. He was often described as the greatest wizard of the age, but that wasn't why Roberto respected him. You couldn't help trusting Alfonso Dominguez, and as Roberto watched him beaming around at the students, he felt really calm for the first time since the dementor had entered the train compartment.
　　"Welcome!" said Dominguez, the candlelight shimmering on his beard. "Welcome to another year at Hogwarts! I have a few things to say to you all, and as one of them is very serious, I think it best to get it out of the way before you become befuddled by our excellent feast...."
　　Dominguez cleared his throat and continued, "As you will all be aware after their search of the Hogwarts Express, our school is presently playing host to some of the dementors of Azkaban, who are here on Ministry of Magic business."
　　He paused, and Roberto remembered what Mr. Lopez had said about Dominguez not being happy with the dementors guarding the school.
　　"They are stationed at every entrance to the grounds," Dominguez continued, "and while they are with us, I must make it plain that nobody is to leave school without permission. Dementors are not to be fooled by tricks or disguises -- or even Invisibility Cloaks," he added blandly, and Roberto and Diego glanced at each other. "It is not in the nature of a dementor to understand pleading or excuses. I therefore warn each and every one of you to give them no reason to harm you. I look to the prefects, and our new Head Boy and Girl, to make sure that no student runs afoul of the dementors," he said.
　　Miguel, who was sitting a few seats down from Roberto, puffed out his chest again and stared around impressively. Dominguez paused again; he looked very seriously around the hall, and nobody moved or made a sound.
　　"On a happier note," he continued, I am pleased to welcome two new teachers to our ranks this year.
　　"First, Professor Cardozo, who has kindly consented to fill the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher."
　　There was some scattered, rather unenthusiastic applause. Only those who had been in the compartment on the train with Professor Cardozo clapped hard, Roberto among them. Professor Cardozo looked particularly shabby next to all the other teachers in their best robes.
　　"Look at Peralta!" Diego hissed in Roberto's ear.
　　Professor Peralta, the Potions master, was staring along the staff table at Professor Cardozo. It was common knowledge that Peralta ,anted the Defense Against the Dark Arts job, but even Roberto, who hated Peralta, was startled at the expression twisting his thin, sallow face. it was beyond anger: it was loathing. Roberto knew that expression only too well; it was the look Peralta wore every time he set eyes on Roberto.
　　"As to our second new appointment," Dominguez continued as the lukewarm applause for Professor Cardozo died away. "Well, I am sorry to tell you that Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher, retired at the end of last year in order to enjoy more time with his remaining limbs. However, I am delighted to say that his place will be filled by none other than Matias Villalba, who has agreed to take on this teaching job in addition to his gamekeeping duties."
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina stared at one another, stunned. Then they joined in with the applause, which was tumultuous at the Gryffindor table in particular. Roberto leaned forward to see Villalba, who was ruby-red in the face and staring down at his enormous hands, his wide grin hidden in the tangle of his black beard.
　　"We should've known!" Diego roared, pounding the table. "Who else would have assigned us a biting book?"
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina were the last to stop clapping, and as Professor Dominguez started speaking again, they saw that Villalba was wiping his eyes on the tablecloth.
　　"Well, I think that's everything of importance," said Dominguez. "Let the feast begin!"
　　The golden plates and goblets before them filled suddenly with food and drink. Roberto, suddenly ravenous, helped himself to everything he could reach and began to eat.
　　It was a delicious feast; the hall echoed with talk, laughter, and the clatter of knives and forks. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina, however, were eager for it to finish so that they could talk to Villalba. They knew how much being made a teacher would mean to him. Villalba wasn't a fully qualified wizard; he had been expelled from Hogwarts in his third year for a crime he had not committed. It had been Roberto, Diego, and Carolina who had cleared Villalba's name last year.
　　At long last, when the last morsels of pumpkin tart had melted from the golden platters, Dominguez gave the word that it was time for them all to go to bed, and they got their chance.
　　"Congratulations, Villalba!" Carolina squealed as they reached the teachers' table.
　　"All down ter you three," said Villalba, wiping his shining face on his napkin as he looked up at them., "Can' believe it... great man, Dominguez... came straight down to me hut after Professor Kettleburn said he'd had enough.... It's what I always wanted. --"
　　Overcome with emotion, he buried his face in his napkin, and Professor Romero shooed them away.
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina joined the Gryffindors streaming up the marble staircase and, very tired now, along more corridors, UP more and more stairs, to the hidden entrance to Gryffindor Tower's large portrait of a fat lady in a pink dress asked them, "Password?"
　　"Coming through, coming through!" Miguel called from behind the crowd. "The new password's 'Fortuna Major'!"
　　"Oh no," said Mauricio Silva sadly. He always had trouble remembering the passwords.
　　Through the portrait hole and across the common room, the girls and boys divided toward their separate staircases. Roberto climbed the spiral stair with no thought in his head except how glad he was to be back. They reached their familiar, circular dormitory with its five four-poster beds, and Roberto, looking around, felt he was home at last.
　　CHAPTER SIX
　　TALONS AND TEA LEAVES
　　When Roberto, Diego, and Carolina entered the Great Hall for breakfast the next day, the first thing they saw was Javier Sosa, who seemed to be entertaining a large group of Slytherins with a very funny story. As they passed, Sosa did a ridiculous impression of a swooning fit and there was a roar of laughter.
　　"Ignore him," said Carolina, who was right behind Roberto. "Just ignore him, it's not worth it...."
　　"Hey, Gonzales!" shrieked Pansy Parkinson, a Slytherin girl with a face like a pug. "Gonzales! The dementors are coming, Gonzales! Woooooooooo!"
　　Roberto dropped into a seat at the Gryffindor table, next to Luis Lopez.
　　"New third-year course schedules," said Luis, passing then, over. "What's up with you, Roberto?"
　　"Sosa," said Diego, sitting down on Luis's other side and glaring over at the Slytherin table.
　　Luis looked up in time to see Sosa pretending to faint with terror again.
　　"That little git," he said calmly. "He wasn't so cocky last night when the dementors were down at our end of the train. Came runing into our compartment, didn't he, Pablo?"
　　"Nearly wet himself," said Pablo, with a contemptuous glance at Sosa.
　　"I wasn't too happy myself," said Luis. "They're horrible things, those dementors...."
　　"Sort of freeze your insides, don't they?" said Pablo.
　　"You didn't pass out, though, did you?" said Roberto in a low voice.
　　"Forget it, Roberto," said Luis bracingly. "Dad had to go out to Azkaban one time, remember, Pablo? And he said it was the worst place he'd ever been, he came back all weak and shaking.... They suck the happiness out of a place, dementors. Most of the prisoners go mad in there."
　　"Anyway, we'll see how happy Sosa looks after our first Quidditch match," said Pablo. "Gryffindor versus Slytherin, first game of the season, remember?"
　　The only time Roberto and Sosa had faced each other in a Quidditch match, Sosa had definitely come off worse. Feeling slightly more cheerful, Roberto helped himself to sausages and fried tomatoes.
　　Carolina was examining her new schedule.
　　" Ooh, good, we're starting some new subjects today," she said happily. villains are these, that trespass upon my private lands! Come I. scorn at my fall, perchance? Draw, you knaves, you dogs!"
　　They watched in astonishment as the little knight tugged his sword out of its scabbard and began brandishing it violently, hopping up and down in rage. But the sword was too long for him; a particularly wild swing made him overbalance, and he landed facedown in the grass.
　　"Are you all right?" said Roberto, moving closer to the picture.
　　"Get back, you scurvy braggart! Back, you rogue!"
　　The knight seized his sword again and used it to push himself back up, but the blade sank deeply into the grass and, though he pulled with all his might, he couldn't get it out again. Finally, he had to flop back down onto the grass and push up his visor to mop his sweating face.
　　"Listen," said Roberto, taking advantage of the knight's exhaustion, "we're looking for the North Tower. You don't know the way, do you?"
　　"A quest!" The knight's rage seemed to vanish instantly. He clanked to his feet and shouted, "Come follow me, dear friends, and we shall find our goal, or else shall perish bravely in the charge!"
　　He gave the sword another fruitless tug, tried and failed to mount the fat pony, gave up, and cried, "On foot then, good sirs and gentle lady! On! On!"
　　And he ran, clanking loudly, into the left side of the frame and out of sight.
　　They hurried after him along the corridor, following the sound of his armor. Every now and then they spotted him running through a picture ahead.
　　"Be of stout heart, the worst is yet to come!" yelled the knight, and they saw him reappear in front of an alarmed group of women in crinolines, whose picture hung on the wall of a narrow spiral staircase.
　　Puffing loudly, Roberto, Diego, and Carolina climbed the tightly spiraling steps, getting dizzier and dizzier, until at last they heard the murmur of voices above them and knew they had reached the classroom.
　　"Farewell!" cried the knight, popping his head into a painting of some sinister-looking monks. "Farewell, my comrades-in-arms! If ever you have need of noble heart and steely sinew, call upon Sir Cadogan!"
　　"Yeah, we'll call you," muttered Diego as the knight disappeared, "if we ever need someone mental."
　　They climbed the last few steps and emerged onto a tiny landing, where most of the class was already assembled. There were no doors off this landing, but Diego nudged Roberto and pointed at the ceiling, where there was a circular trapdoor with a brass plaque on it.
　　"'Sibyll Trelawney, Divination teacher,"' Roberto read. "How're we supposed to get up there?"
　　As though in answer to his question, the trapdoor suddenly opened, and a silvery ladder descended right at Roberto's feet. Everyone got quiet.
　　"After you," said Diego, grinning, so Roberto climbed the ladder first.
　　He emerged into the strangest-looking classroom he had ever seen. In fact, it didn't look like a classroom at all, more like a cross between someone's attic and an old-fashioned tea shop. At leasttwenty small, circular tables were crammed inside it, all surrounded by chintz armchairs and fat little poufs. Everything was lit with a dim, crimson light; the curtains at the windows were all closed, and the many lamps were draped with dark red scarves. it was stiflingly warm, and the fire that was burning under the crowded mantelpiece was giving off a heavy, sickly sort of perfume as it heated a large copper kettle. The shelves running around the circular walls were crammed with dusty-looking feathers, stubs of candles, many packs of tattered playing cards, countless silvery crystal balls, and a huge array of teacups.
　　Diego appeared at Roberto's shoulder as the class assembled around them, all talking in whispers.
　　"Where is she?" Diego said.
　　A voice came suddenly out of the shadows, a soft, misty sort of voice.
　　"Welcome," it said. "How nice to see you in the physical world at last."
　　Roberto's immediate impression was of a large, glittering insect. Professor Trelawney moved into the firelight, and they saw that she was very thin; her large glasses magnified her eyes to several times their natural size, and she was draped in a gauzy spangled shawl. Innumerable chains and beads hung around her spindly neck, and her arms and hands were encrusted with bangles and rings.
　　"Sit, my children, sit," she said, and they all climbed awkwardly into armchairs or sank onto poufs. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina sat themselves around the same round table.
　　"Welcome to Divination," said Professor Trelawney, who had seated herself in a winged armchair in front of the fire. "My name is professor Trelawney. You may not have seen me before. I find that descending too often into the hustle and bustle of the main school clouds my Inner Eye."
　　Nobody said anything to this extraordinary pronouncement. Professor Trelawney delicately rearranged her shawl and continued, "So you have chosen to study Divination, the most difficult of all magical arts. I must warn you at the outset that if you do not have the Sight, there is very little I will be able to teach you.. Books can take you only so far in this field...."
　　At these words, both Roberto and Diego glanced, grinning, at Carolina, who looked startled at the news that books wouldn't be much help in this subject.
　　"Many witches and wizards, talented though they are in the area of loud bangs and smells and sudden disappearings, are yet unable to penetrate the veiled mysteries of the future," Professor Trelawney went on, her enormous, gleaming eyes moving from face to nervous face. "It is a Gift granted to few. You, boy," she said suddenly to Mauricio, who almost toppled off his pouf. "Is your grandmother well?"
　　"I think so," said Mauricio tremulously.
　　"I wouldn't be so sure if I were you, dear," said Professor Trelawney, the firelight glinting on her long emerald earrings. Mauricio gulped. Professor Trelawney continued placidly. "We will be covering the basic methods of Divination this year. The first term will be devoted to reading the tea leaves. Next term we shall progress to palmistry. By the way, my dear," she shot suddenly at Parvati Patil, "beware a red-haired man."
　　Parvati gave a startled look at Diego, who was right behind her and edged her chair away from him.
　　"In the second term," Professor Trelawney went on, "we shall progress to the crystal ball -- if we have finished with fire omens, that is. Unfortunately, classes will be disrupted in February by a nasty bout of flu. I myself will lose my voice. And around Easter, one of our number will leave us forever."
　　A very tense silence followed this pronouncement, but Professor Trelawney seemed unaware of it.
　　"I wonder, dear," she said to Lavender Brown, who was nearest and shrank back in her chair, "if you could pass me the largest silver teapot?"
　　Lavender, looking relieved, stood up, took an enormous teapot from the shelf, and put it down on the table in front of Professor Trelawney.
　　"Thank you, my dear. Incidentally, that thing you are dreading -- it will happen on Friday the sixteenth of October."
　　Lavender trembled.
　　"Now, I want you all to divide into pairs. Collect a teacup from the shelf, come to me, and I will fill it. Then sit down and drink, drink until only the dregs remain. Swill these around the cup three times with the left hand, then turn the cup upside down on its saucer, wait for the last of the tea to drain away, then give your cup to your partner to read. You will interpret the patterns using pages five and six of Unfogging the Future. I shall move among you, helping and instructing. Oh, and dear" -- she caught Mauricio by the arm as he made to stand up -- "after you've broken your first cup, would you be so kind as to select one of the blue patterned ones? I'm rather attached to the pink."
　　Sure enough, Mauricio had no sooner reached the shelf of teacups when there was a tinkle of breaking china. Professor Trelawney swept over to him holding a dustpan and brush and said, "One of the blue ones, then, dear, if you wouldn't mind... thank you. ... "
　　When Roberto and Diego had had their teacups filled, they went back to their table and tried to drink the scalding tea quickly. They swilled the dregs around as Professor Trelawney had instructed, then drained the cups and swapped over.
　　"Right," said Diego as they both opened their books at pages five and six. "What can you see in mine?"
　　"A load of soggy brown stuff," said Roberto. The heavily perfumed smoke in the room was making him feel sleepy and stupid.
　　"Broaden your minds, my dears, and allow your eyes to see past the mundane!" Professor Trelawney cried through the gloom.
　　Roberto tried to pull himself together.
　　"Right, you've got a crooked sort of cross... " He consulted Unfogging the Future. "That means you're going to have 'trials and suffering' -- sorry about that -- but there's a thing that could be the sun... hang on... that means 'great happiness'... so you're going to suffer but be very happy...."
　　"You need your Inner Eye tested, if you ask me," said Diego, and they both had to stifle their laughs as Professor Trelawney gazed in their direction.
　　"My turn..." Diego peered into Roberto's teacup, his forehead wrinkled with effort. "There's a blob a bit like a bowler hat," he said. "Maybe you're going to work for the Ministry of Magic...
　　He turned the teacup the other way up.
　　"But this way it looks more like an acorn.... What's that?" He scanned his copy of Unfogging the Future. "'A windfall, unexpected gold.' Excellent, you can lend me some... and there's a thin, here," he turned the cup again, "that looks like an animal... yeah, if that was its head... it looks like a hippo... no, a sheep..."
　　Professor Trelawney whirled around as Roberto let out a snort of laughter.
　　"Let me see that, my dear," she said reprovingly to Diego, sweeping over and snatching Roberto's cup from him. Everyone went quiet to watch.
　　Professor Trelawney was staring into the teacup, rotating it counterclockwise.
　　"The falcon... my dear, you have a deadly enemy."
　　"But everyone knows that, " said Carolina in a loud whisper. Professor Trelawney stared at her.
　　"Well, they do," said Carolina. "Everybody knows about Roberto and You-Know-Who."
　　Roberto and Diego stared at her with a mixture of amazement and admiration. They had never heard Carolina speak to a teacher like that before. Professor Trelawney chose not to reply. She lowered her huge eyes to Roberto's cup again and continued to turn it.
　　"The club... an attack. Dear, dear, this is not a happy cup....
　　I thought that was a bowler hat," said Diego sheepishly.
　　"The skull... danger in your path, my dear...."
　　Everyone was staring, transfixed, at Professor Trelawney, who gave the cup a final turn, gasped, and then screamed.
　　There was another tinkle of breaking china; Mauricio had smashed his second cup. Professor Trelawney sank into a vacant armchair, her glittering hand at her heart and her eyes closed.
　　"My dear boy... my poor, dear boy no it is kinder not to say.. . no... don't ask me...."
　　"What is it, Professor?" said Dean Thomas at once. Everyone had got to their feet, and slowly they crowded around Roberto and Diego's table, pressing close to Professor Trelawney's chair to get a
　　good look at Roberto's cup.
　　"My dear," Professor Trelawney's huge eyes opened dramatically,
　　"You have the Grim."
　　"The what?" said Roberto.
　　He could tell that he wasn't the only one who didn't understand; Dean Thomas shrugged at him and Lavender Brown looked puzzled, but nearly everybody else clapped their hands to their mouths in horror.
　　"The Grim, my dear, the Grim!" cried Professor Trelawney, who looked shocked that Roberto hadn't understood. "The giant, spectral dog that haunts churchyards! My dear boy, it is an omen -- the worst omen -- of death!"
　　Roberto's stomach lurched. That dog on the cover of Death Omens in Flourish and Blotts -the dog in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent... Lavender Brown clapped her hands to her mouth too. Everyone was looking at Roberto, everyone except Carolina, who had gotten up and moved around to the back of Professor Trelawney's chair.
　　"I don't think it looks like a Grim," she said flatly.
　　Professor Trelawney surveyed Carolina with mounting dislike.
　　"You'll forgive me for saying so, my dear, but I perceive very little aura around you. Very little receptivity to the resonances of the future." Seamus Finnigan was tilting his head from side to side.
　　"It looks like a Grim if you do this," he said, with his eyes almost shut, "but it looks more like a donkey from here," he said, leaning to the left.
　　"When you've all finished deciding whether I'm going to die Or not!" said Roberto, taking even himself by surprise. Now nobody seemed to want to look at him.
　　"I think we will leave the lesson here for today," said Professor Trelawney in her mistiest voice. "Yes... please pack away your things...."
　　Silently the class took their teacups back to Professor Trelawney, packed away their books, and closed their bags. Even Diego was avoiding Roberto's eyes.
　　"Until we meet again," said Professor Trelawney faintly, "fair fortune be yours. Oh, and dear" -- she pointed at Mauricio -- "you'll be late next time, so mind you work extra-hard to catch up."
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina descended Professor Trelawney's ladder and the winding stair in silence, then set off for Professor Romero's Transfiguration lesson. It took them so long to find her classroom that, early as they had left Divination, they were only just in time.
　　Roberto chose a seat right at the back of the room, feeling as though he were sitting in a very bright spotlight; the rest of the class kept shooting furtive glances at him, as though he were about to drop dead at any moment. He hardly heard what Professor Romero was telling them about Animagi (wizards who could transform at will into animals), and wasn't even watching when she transformed herself in front of their eyes into a tabby cat with spectacle markings around her eyes.
　　"Really, what has got into you all today?" said Professor Romero, turning back into herself with a faint pop, and staring around at them all. "Not that it matters, but that's the first time my transformation's not got applause from a class."
　　Everybody's heads turned toward Roberto again, but nobody spoke. Then Carolina raised her hand.
　　"Please, Professor, we've just had our first Divination class, and we were reading the tea leaves, and --"
　　"Ah, of course," said Professor Romero, suddenly frowning.
　　"There is no need to say any more, Miss Fernandez. Tell me, which of you will be dying this year?"
　　Everyone stared at her.
　　"Me," said Roberto, finally.
　　"I see," said Professor Romero, fixing Roberto with her beady eyes. "Then you should know, Gonzales, that Sibyll Trelawney has predicted the death of one student a year since she arrived at this school. None of them has died yet. Seeing death omens is her favorite way of greeting a new class. If it were not for the fact that I never speak ill of my colleagues --"
　　Professor Romero broke off, and they saw that her nostrils had gone white. She went on, more calmly, "Divination is one of the most imprecise branches of magic. I shall not conceal from you that I have very little patience with it. True Seers are very rare, and Professor Trelawney --"
　　She stopped again, and then said, in a very matter-of-fact tone, "You look in excellent health to me, Gonzales, so you will excuse me if I don't let you off homework today. I assure you that if you die, you need not hand it in."
　　Carolina laughed. Roberto felt a bit better. It was harder to feel scared of a lump of tea leaves away from the dim red light and befuddling perfume of Professor Trelawney's classroom. Not everyone was convinced, however. Diego still looked worried, and Lavender whispered, "But what about Mauricio's cup?"
　　When the Transfiguration class had finished, they joined the crowd thundering toward the Great Hall for lunch.
　　"Diego, cheer up," said Carolina, pushing a dish of stew toward him. "You heard what Professor Romero said."
　　Diego spooned stew onto his plate and picked up his fork but didn't start.
　　"Roberto," he said, in a low, serious voice, "You haven't seen a great black dog anywhere, have you?"
　　"Yeah, I have," said Roberto. "I saw one the night I left the Carrizos'. "
　　Diego let his fork fall with a clatter.
　　"Probably a stray," said Carolina calmly.
　　Diego looked at Carolina as though she had gone mad.
　　"Carolina, if Roberto's seen a Grim, that's -- that's bad," he said. "My -- my uncle Bilius saw one and -- and he died twenty-four hours later!"
　　"Coincidence," said Carolina airily, pouring herself some pumpkin juice.
　　"You don't know what you're talking about!" said Diego, starting to get angry. "Grims scare the living daylights out of most wizards!"
　　"There you are, then," said Carolina in a superior tone. "They see the Grim and die of fright. The Grim's not an omen, it's the cause of death! And Roberto's still with us because he's not stupid enough to see one and think, right, well, I'd better kick the bucket then!"
　　Diego mouthed wordlessly at Carolina, who opened her bag, took out her new Arithmancy book, and propped it open against the juice jug.
　　"I think Divination seems very woolly," she said, searching for her page. "A lot of guesswork, if you ask me."
　　"There was nothing woolly about the Grim in that cup!" said Diego hotly.
　　"You didn't seem quite so confident when you were telling Roberto it was a sheep," said Carolina coolly.
　　"Professor Trelawney said you didn't have the right aura! You just don't like being bad at something for a change!"
　　He had touched a nerve. Carolina slammed her Arithmancy book down on the table so hard that bits of meat and carrot flew everywhere.
　　"If being good at Divination means I have to pretend to see death omens in a lump of tea leaves, I'm not sure I'll be studying it much longer! That lesson was absolute rubbish compared with my Arithmancy class!"
　　She snatched up her bag and stalked away.
　　Diego frowned after her.
　　"What's she talking about?" he said to Roberto. "She hasn't been to an Arithmancy class yet."
　　Roberto was pleased to get out of the castle after lunch. Yesterday's rain had cleared; the sky was a clear, pale gray, and the grass was springy and damp underfoot as they set off for their first ever Care of Magical Creatures class.
　　Diego and Carolina weren't speaking to each other. Roberto walked beside them in silence as they went down the sloping lawns to Villalba's hut on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. It was only when he spotted three only-too- familiar backs ahead of them that he realized they must be having these lessons with the Slytherins. Sosa was talking animatedly to Crabbe and Goyle, who were chortling. Roberto was quite sure he knew what they were talking about.
　　Villalba was waiting for his class at the door of his hut. He stood in his moleskin overcoat, with Fang the boarhound at his heels, looking impatient to start.
　　"C'mon, now, get a move on!" he called as the class approached. "Got a real treat for yeh today! Great lesson comin' up! Everyone here? Right, follow me!"
　　For one nasty moment, Roberto thought that Villalba was going to lead them into the forest; Roberto had had enough unpleasant experiences in there to last him a lifetime. However, Villalba strolled off around the edge of the trees, and five minutes later, they found themselves outside a kind of paddock. There was nothing in there.
　　"Everyone gather 'round the fence here!" he called. "That's it -- make sure yeh can see -- now, firs' thing yeh'll want ter do is open yer books --"
　　"How?" said the cold, drawling voice of Javier Sosa.
　　"Eh?" said Villalba.
　　"How do we open our books?" Sosa repeated. He took out his copy of The Monster Book of Monsters, which he had bound shut with a length of rope. Other people took theirs out too; some, like Roberto, had belted their book shut; others had crammed them inside tight bags or clamped them together with binder clips.
　　"Hasn' -- hasn' anyone bin able ter open their books?" said Villalba, looking crestfallen.
　　The class all shook their heads.
　　"Yeh've got ter stroke 'em," said Villalba, as though this was the most obvious thing in the world. "Look --"
　　He took Carolina's copy and ripped off the Spellotape that bound it. The book tried to bite, but Villalba ran a giant forefinger down its spine, and the book shivered, and then fell open and lay quiet in his hand.
　　"Oh, how silly we've all been!" Sosa sneered. "We should have stroked them! why didn't we guess!"
　　"I -- I thought they were funny," Villalba said uncertainly to Carolina.
　　"Oh, tremendously funny!" said Sosa. "Really witty, giving us books that try and rip our hands off!"
　　"Shut up, Sosa," said Roberto quietly. Villalba was looking downcast and Roberto wanted Villalba's first lesson to be a success.
　　"Righ' then," said Villalba, who seemed to have lost his thread, "so -- so yeh've got yer books an' -- an' - - now yeh need the Magical Creatures. Yeah. So I'll go an' get 'em. Hang on... "
　　He strode away from them into the forest and out of sight.
　　"God, this place is going to the dogs," said Sosa loudly. "That oaf teaching classes, my father'll have a fit when I tell him
　　"Shut up, Sosa," Roberto repeated.
　　"Careful, Gonzales, there's a dementor behind you
　　"Oooooooh!" squealed Lavender Brown, pointing toward the opposite side of the paddock.
　　Trotting toward them were a dozen of the most bizarre creatures Roberto had ever seen. They had the bodies, hind legs, and tails of horses, but the front legs, wings, and heads of what seemed to be giant eagles, with cruel, steel-colored beaks and large, brilliantly, orange eyes. The talons on their front legs were half a foot long and deadly looking. Each of the beasts had a thick leather collar around its neck, which was attached to a long chain, and the ends of all of these were held in the vast hands of Villalba, who came jogging into the paddock behind the creatures.
　　"Gee up, there!" he roared, shaking the chains and urging the creatures toward the fence where the class stood. Everyone drew back slightly as Villalba reached them and tethered the creatures to the fence.
　　"Hippogriffs!" Villalba roared happily, waving a hand at them. "Beau'iful, aren' they?"
　　Roberto could sort of see what Villalba meant. Once you got over the first shock of seeing something that was, half horse, half bird, you started to appreciate the hippogriffs' gleaming coats, changing smoothly from feather to hair, each of them a different color: stormy gray, bronze, pinkish roan, gleaming chestnut, and inky black.
　　"So," said Villalba, rubbing his hands together and beaming around, "if yeh wan' ter come a bit nearer --"
　　No one seemed to want to. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina, however, approached the fence cautiously.
　　"Now, firs' thing yeh gotta know abou' hippogriffs is, they're proud," said Villalba. "Easily offended, hippogriffs are. Don't never insult one, 'cause it might be the last thing yeh do."
　　Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle weren't listening; they were talking in an undertone and Roberto had a nasty feeling they were plotting how best to disrupt the lesson.
　　"Yeh always wait fer the hippogriff ter make the firs' move," Villalba continued. "It's polite, see? Yeh walk toward him, and yeh bow, an' yeh wait. If he bows back, yeh're allowed ter touch him. If he doesn' bow, then get away from him sharpish, 'cause those talons hurt.
　　"Right -- who wants ter go first?"
　　Most of the class backed farther away in answer. Even Roberto, Diego, and Carolina had misgivings. The hippogriffs were tossing their fierce heads and flexing their powerful wings; they didn't seem to like being tethered like this.
　　"No one?" said Villalba, with a pleading look.
　　"I'll do it," said Roberto.
　　There was an intake of breath from behind him, and both Lavender and Parvati whispered, "Oooh, no, Roberto, remember your tea leaves!"
　　Roberto ignored them. He climbed over the paddock fence.
　　"Good man, Roberto!" roared Villalba. "Right then -- let's see how yeh get on with Buckbeak."
　　He untied one of the chains, pulled the gray hippogriff away from its fellows, and slipped off its leather collar. The class on the other side of the paddock seemed to be holding its breath. Sosa's eyes were narrowed maliciously.
　　"Easy) now, Roberto," said Villalba quietly. "Yeh've got eye contact, now try not ter blink.... Hippogriffs don' trust yeh if yeh blink too much...."
　　Roberto's eyes immediately began to water, but he didn't shut thern. Buckbeak had turned his great, sharp head and was staring at Roberto with one fierce orange eye. "Tha's it," said Villalba. "Tha's it, Roberto... now, bow."
　　Roberto didn't feel much like exposing the back of his neck to Buckbeak, but he did as he was told. He gave a short bow and then looked up.
　　The hippogriff was still staring haughtily at him. It didn't move.
　　"Ah," said Villalba, sounding worried. "Right -- back away, now, Roberto, easy does it
　　But then, to Roberto's enormous surprise, the hippogriff suddenly bent its scaly front knees and sank into what was an unmistakable bow.
　　"Well done, Roberto!" said Villalba, ecstatic. "Right -- yeh can touch him! Pat his beak, go on!"
　　Feeling that a better reward would have been to back away, Roberto moved slowly toward the hippogriff and reached out toward it. He patted the beak several times and the hippogriff closed its eyes lazily, as though enjoying it.
　　The class broke into applause, all except for Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were looking deeply disappointed.
　　"Righ' then, Roberto," said Villalba. "I reckon he might' let yeh ride him!"
　　This was more than Roberto had bargained for. He was used to a broomstick; but he wasn't sure a hippogriff would be quite the same.
　　"Yeh climb up there, jus' behind the wing joint," said Villalba, "an' mind yeh don' pull any of his feathers out, he won' like that...."
　　Roberto put his foot on the top of Buckbeaks wing and hoisted himself onto its back. Buckbeak stood up. Roberto wasn't sure where to hold on; everything in front of him was covered with feathers.
　　"Go on, then'" roared Villalba, slapping the hippogriffs hindquarters.
　　Without warning, twelve-foot wings flapped open on either side of Roberto, he just had time to seize the hippogriff around the neck before he was soaring upward. It was nothing like a broomstick, and Roberto knew which one he preferred; the hippogriff's wings beat uncomfortably on either side of him, catching him under his legs and making him feel he was about to be thrown off; the glossy feathers slipped under his fingers and he didn't dare get a stronger grip; instead of the smooth action of his Nimbus Two Thousand, he now felt himself rocking backward and forward as the hindquarters of the hippogriff rose and fell with its wings.
　　Buckbeak flew him once around the paddock and then headed back to the ground; this was the bit Roberto had been dreading; he leaned back as the smooth neck lowered, feeling he was going to slip off over the beak, then felt a heavy thud as the four ill-assorted feet hit the ground. He just managed to hold on and push himself straight again.
　　"Good work, Roberto!" roared Villalba as everyone except Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle cheered. "Okay, who else wants a go?"
　　Emboldened by Roberto's success, the rest of the class climbed cautiously into the paddock. Villalba untied the hippogriffs one by one, and soon people were bowing nervously, all over the paddock. Mauricio ran repeatedly backward from his, which didn't seem to want to bend its knees. Diego and Carolina practiced on the chestnut, while Roberto watched.
　　Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle had taken over Buckbeak. He had bowed to Sosa, who was now patting his beak, looking disdainful.
　　"This is very easy," Sosa drawled, loud enough for Roberto to, hear him. "I knew it must have been, if Gonzales could do it.... I bet you're not dangerous at all, are you?" he said to the hippogriff. "Are you, you great ugly brute?"
　　It happened in a flash of steely talons; Sosa let out a highpitched scream and next moment, Villalba was wrestling Buckbeak back into his collar as he strained to get at Sosa, who lay curled in the grass, blood blossoming over his robes.
　　"I'm dying!" Sosa yelled as the class panicked. "I'm dying, look at me! It's killed me!"
　　"Yer not dyin'!" said Villalba, who had gone very white. "Someone help me -- gotta get him outta here --"
　　Carolina ran to hold open the gate as Villalba lifted Sosa easily. As they passed, Roberto saw that there was a long, deep gash on Sosa's arm; blood splattered the grass and Villalba ran with him, up the slope toward the castle.
　　Very shaken, the Care of Magical Creatures class followed at a walk. The Slytherins were all shouting about Villalba.
　　"They should fire him straight away!" said Pansy Parkinson, who was in tears.
　　"It was Sosa's fault!" snapped Dean Thomas. Crabbe and Goyle flexed their muscles threateningly.
　　They all climbed the stone steps into the deserted entrance hall.
　　"I'm going to see if he's okay!" said Pansy, and they all watched her run up the marble staircase. The Slytherins, still muttering about Villalba, headed away in the direction of their dungeon common room; Roberto, Diego, and Carolina proceeded upstairs to Gryffindor Tower.
　　"You think he'll be all right?" said Carolina nervously.
　　"Course he will. Madam Pomfrey can mend cuts in about a second," said Roberto, who had had far worse injuries mended magically by the nurse.
　　"That was a really bad thing to happen in Villalba's first class, though, wasn't it?" said Diego, looking worried. "Trust Sosa to mess things up for him...."
　　They were among the first to reach the Great Hall at dinnertime, hoping to see Villalba, but he wasn't there.
　　"They wouldn't fire him, would they?" said Carolina anxiously, not touching her steak-and- kidney pudding.
　　"They'd better not," said Diego, who wasn't eating either.
　　Roberto was watching the Slytherin table. A large group including Crabbe and Goyle was huddled together, deep in conversation. Roberto was sure they were cooking up their own version of how Sosa had been injured.
　　"Well, you can't say it wasn't an interesting first day back," said Diego gloomily.
　　They went up to the crowded Gryffindor common room after dinner and tried to do the homework Professor Romero had given them, but all three of them kept breaking off and glancing Out of the tower window.
　　"There's a light on in Villalba's window," Roberto said suddenly.
　　Diego looked at his watch.
　　"If we hurried, we could go down and see him. It's still quite early..."
　　I don't know," Carolina said slowly, and Roberto saw her glance at him.
　　"I'm allowed to walk across the grounds, " he said Pointedly. "Gustavo Martinez hasn't got past the dementors yet, has he?"
　　So they put their things away and headed out of the portrait hole, glad to meet nobody on their way to the front doors, as they weren't entirely sure they were supposed to be out.
　　The grass was still wet and looked almost black in the twilight. When they reached Villalba's hut, they knocked, and a voice growled, "C'min."
　　Villalba was sitting in his shirtsleeves at his scrubbed wooden table; his boarhound, Fang, had his head in Villalba's lap. One look told them that Villalba had been drinking a lot; there was a pewter tankard almost as big as a bucket in front of him, and he seemed to be having difficulty getting them into focus.
　　"'Spect it's a record," he said thickly, when he recognized them. "Don' reckon they've ever had a teacher who lasted on'y a day before."
　　"You haven't been fired, Villalba!" gasped Carolina.
　　"Not yet," said Villalba miserably, taking a huge gulp of whatever was in the tankard. "But's only a matter o' time, i' n't it, after Sosa..."
　　"How is he?" said Diego as they all sat down. "It wasn't serious, was it?"
　　"Madam Pomfrey fixed him best she could," said Villalba dully, "but he's sayin' it's still agony... covered in bandages... moanin'..
　　"He's faking it, " said Roberto at once. "Madam Pomfrey can mend anything. She regrew half my bones last year. Trust Sosa to milk it for all it's worth."
　　"School gov'nors have bin told, o' course," said Villalba miseribly. "They reckon I started too big. Shoulda left hippogriffs fer later... done flobberworms or summat.... Jus' thought itdmake a good firs' lessons all my fault...."
　　"It's all Sosa's fault, Villalba!" said Carolina earnestly.
　　"We're witnesses," said Roberto. "You said hippogriffs attack if you insult them. It's Sosa's problem that he wasn't listening. We'll tell Dominguez what really happened."
　　"Yeah, don't worry, Villalba, we'll back you up," said Diego.
　　Tears leaked out of the crinkled corners of Villalba's beetle-black eyes. He grabbed both Roberto and Diego and pulled them into a bone-breaking hug.
　　"I think you've had enough to drink, Villalba," said Carolina firmly. She took the tankard from the table and went outside to empty it.
　　"At, maybe she's right," said Villalba, letting go of Roberto and Diego, who both staggered away, rubbing their ribs. Villalba heaved himself out of his chair and followed Carolina unsteadily outside. They heard a loud splash.
　　"What's he done?" said Roberto nervously as Carolina came back in with the empty tankard.
　　"Stuck his head in the water barrel," said Carolina, putting the tankard away.
　　Villalba came back, his long hair and beard sopping wet, wiping the water out of his eyes.
　　"That's better," he said, shaking his head like a dog and drenching them all. "Listen, it was good of yeh ter come an' see me, I really --
　　Villalba stopped dead, staring at Roberto as though he'd only just realized he was there.
　　"WHAT D'YEH THINK YOU'RE DOIN', EH?" he roared, so suddenly that they jumped a foot in the air. "YEH'RE NOT TO GO WANDERIN' AROUND AFTER DARK, ROBERTO! AN, YOU TWO! LETTIN' HIM!"
　　Villalba strode over to Roberto, grabbed his arm, and pulled him to the door.
　　"C'mon!" Villalba said angrily. "I'm takin' yer all back up ter school, an' don' let me catch yeh walkin' down ter see me after dark again. I'm not worth that!"
　　CHAPTER SEVEN
　　THE BOGGART IN THE WARDROBE
　　Sosa didn't reappear in classes until late on Thursday morning, when the Slytherins and Gryffindors were halfway through double Potions. He swaggered into the dungeon, his right arm covered in bandages and bound up in a sling, acting, in Roberto's opinion, as though he were the heroic survivor of some dreadful battle.
　　"How is it, Javier?" simpered Pansy Parkinson. "Does it hurt much?"
　　"Yeah," said Sosa, putting on a brave sort of grimace. But Roberto saw him wink at Crabbe and Goyle when Pansy had looked away.
　　"Settle down, settle down," said Professor Peralta idly.
　　Roberto and Diego scowled at each other; Peralta wouldn't have said "settle down" if they'd walked in late, he'd have given them detention. But Sosa had always been able to get away with anything in Peralta's classes; Peralta was head of Slytherin House, and generality favored his own students above all others.
　　They were making a new potion today, a Shrinking Solution. Sosa set up his cauldron right next to Roberto and Diego, so that they were preparing their ingredients on the same table.
　　"Sir," Sosa called, "sir, I'll need help cutting up these daisy roots, because of my arm --"
　　"Lopez, cut up Sosa's roots for him," said Peralta without looking up.
　　Diego went brick red.
　　"There's nothing wrong with your arm," he hissed at Sosa.
　　Sosa smirked across the table.
　　"Lopez, you heard Professor Peralta; cut up these roots."
　　Diego seized his knife, pulled Sosa's roots toward him, and began to chop them roughly, so that they were all different sizes.
　　"Professor," drawled Sosa, "Lopez's mutilating my roots, sit."
　　Peralta approached their table, stared down his hooked nose at the roots, then gave Diego an unpleasant smile from beneath his long, greasy black hair.
　　"Mejiae roots with Sosa, Lopez."
　　"But, sit --!"
　　Diego had spent the last quarter of an hour carefully shredding his own roots into exactly equal pieces.
　　"Now," said Peralta in his most dangerous voice.
　　Diego shoved his own beautifully cut roots across the table a, Sosa, then took up the knife again.
　　"And, sir, I'll need this shrivelfig skinned," said Sosa, his voice full of malicious laughter.
　　"Gonzales, you can skin Sosa's shrivelfig," said Peralta, giving Roberto the look of loathing he always reserved just for him.
　　Roberto took Sosa's shrivelfig as Diego began trying to repair the damage to the roots he now had to use. Roberto skinned the shrivelfig as fast as he could and flung it back across the table at Sosa without speaking. Sosa was smirking more broadly than ever.
　　"Seen your pal Villalba lately?" he asked them quietly.
　　"None of your business," said Diego jerkily, without looking up.
　　"I'm afraid he won't be a teacher much longer," said Sosa in a tone of mock sorrow. "Father's not very happy about my injury --"
　　"Keep talking, Sosa, and I'll give you a real injury," snarled Diego.
　　"- he's complained to the school governors. And to the Ministry of Magic. Father's got a lot of influence, you know. And a lasting injury like this" -- he gave a huge, fake sigh -- "who knows if my arm'll ever be the same again?"
　　"So that's why you're putting it on," said Roberto, accidentally beheading a dead caterpillar because his hand was shaking in anger. "To try to get Villalba fired."
　　"Well," said Sosa, lowering his voice to a whisper, "partly, Gonzales. But there are other benefits too. Lopez, slice my caterpillars for me."
　　A few cauldrons away, Mauricio was in trouble. Mauricio regularly went to pieces in Potions lessons; it was his worst subject, and his great fear of Professor Peralta made things ten times worse. His potion, which was supposed to be a bright, acid green, had turned --
　　"Orange, Silva," said Peralta, ladling some up and allowing to splash back into the cauldron, so that everyone could see.
　　"Orange. Tell me, boy, does anything penetrate that thick skull of yours? Didn't you hear me say, quite clearly, that only one -tat spleen was needed? Didn't I state plainly that a dash of leech juice would suffice? What do I have to do to make you understand, Silva?"
　　Mauricio was pink and trembling. He looked as though he was on the verge of tears.
　　"Please, sir," said Carolina, "please, I could help Mauricio put it right --"
　　"I don't remember asking you to show off, Miss Fernandez," said Peralta coldly, and Carolina went as pink as Mauricio. "Silva, at the end of this lesson we will feed a few drops of this potion to your toad and see what happens. Perhaps that will encourage you to do it properly."
　　Peralta moved away, leaving Mauricio breathless with fear.
　　"Help me!" he moaned to Carolina.
　　"Hey, Roberto," said Seamus Finnigan, leaning over to borrow Roberto's brass scales, "have you heard? Daily Prophet this morning -- they reckon Gustavo Martinez's been sighted."
　　"Where?" said Roberto and Diego quickly. On the other side of the table, Sosa looked up, listening closely.
　　"Not too far from here," said Seamus, who looked excited. "It was a Muggle who saw him. 'Course, she didn't really understand. The Muggles think he's just an ordinary criminal, don't they? So she phoned the telephone hot line. By the time the Ministry of Magic got there, he was gone."
　　"Not too far from here... " Diego repeated, looking significantly at Roberto. He turned around and saw Sosa watching closely. "What, Sosa? Need something else skinned?"
　　But Sosa's eyes were shining malevolently, and they were fixed Roberto. He leaned across the table.
　　Martinez single-handed, Gonzales?"
　　"Thinking Of trying to catch
　　"Yeah, that's right," said Roberto offhandedly.
　　Sosas thin mouth was curving in a mean smile.
　　"Of course, if it was me," he said quietly, "I'd have done something before now. I wouldn't be staying in school like a good boy, I'd be out there looking for him."
　　"What are you talking about, Sosa?" said Diego roughly.
　　"Don't you know, Gonzales?" breathed Sosa, his pate eyes narrowed.
　　"Know what?"
　　Sosa let out a low, sneering laugh.
　　"Maybe you'd rather not risk your neck," he said. "Want to leave it to the dementors, do you? But if it was me, I'd want revenge. I'd hunt him down myself."
　　"What are you talking about?" said Roberto angrily, but at that moment Peralta called, "You should have finished adding your ingredients by now; this potion needs to stew before it can be drunk, so clear away while it simmers and then we'll test Silva's... "
　　Crabbe and Goyle laughed openly, watching Mauricio sweat as he stirred his potion feverishly. Carolina was muttering instructions to him out of the corner of her mouth, so that Peralta wouldn't see. Roberto and Diego packed away their unused ingredients and went to wash their hands and ladles in the stone basin in the corner.
　　"What did Sosa mean?" Roberto muttered to Diego as he stuck his hands under the icy jet that poured from the gargoyle's mouth "Why would I want revenge on Martinez? He hasn't done anything to me -- yet.
　　"He's making it up," said Diego savagely. "He's trying to make you do something stupid...."
　　The end of the lesson in sight, Peralta strode over to Mauricio, who was cowering by his cauldron.
　　"Everyone gather 'round," said Peralta, his black eyes glittering, and watch what happens to Silva's toad. If he has managed to produce a Shrinking Solution, it will shrink to a tadpole. If, as I don't doubt, he has done it wrong, his toad is likely to be poisoned."
　　The Gryffindors watched fearfully. The Slytherins looked excited. Peralta picked up Trevor the toad in his left hand and dipped a small spoon into Mauricio's potion, which was now green. He trickled a few drops down Trevor's throat.
　　There was a moment of hushed silence, in which Trevor gulped; then there was a small pop, and Trevor the tadpole was wriggling in Peralta's palm.
　　The Gryffindors burst into applause. Peralta, looking sour, pulled a small bottle from the pocket of his robe, poured a few drops on top of Trevor, and he reappeared suddenly, fully grown.
　　"Five points from Gryffindor," said Peralta, which wiped the smiles from every face. "I told you not to help him, Miss Fernandez. Class dismissed."
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina climbed the steps to the entrance hall. Roberto was still thinking about what Sosa had said, while Diego was seething about Peralta.
　　"Five points from Gryffindor because the potion was all right!
　　Why didn't You lie, Carolina? You should've said Mauricio did it all by himself!"
　　Carolina didn't answer. Diego looked around.
　　"Where is she?"
　　Roberto turned too. They were at the top of the steps now, watching the rest of the class pass them, heading for the Great Hall and lunch.
　　"She was right behind us," said Diego, frowning.
　　Sosa passed them, walking between Crabbe and Goyle. He smirked at Roberto and disappeared.
　　"There she is," said Roberto.
　　Carolina was panting slightly, hurrying up the stairs; one hand clutched her bag, the other seemed to be tucking something down the front of her robes.
　　"How did you do that?" said Diego.
　　"What?" said Carolina, joining them.
　　"One minute you were right behind us, the next moment, you were back at the bottom of the stairs again."
　　"What?" Carolina looked slightly confused. "Oh -- I had to go back for something. Oh no --"
　　A seam had split on Carolina's bag. Roberto wasn't surprised; he could see that it was crammed with at least a dozen large and heavy books.
　　"Why are you carrying all these around with you?" Diego asked her.
　　"You know how many subjects I'm taking," said Carolina breathlessly. "Couldn't hold these for me, could you?"
　　"But --" Diego was turning over the books she had handed him, looking at the covers. "You havent got any of these subjects today. It's only Defense Against the Dark Arts this afternoon."
　　"Oh yes," said Carolina vaguely, but she packed all the books back into her bag just the same. I hope there's something good for lunch, I'm starving," she added, and she marched off toward the Great Hall.
　　"D'you get the feeling Carolina's not telling us something?Diego asked Roberto.
　　Professor Cardozo wasn't there when they arrived at his first Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. They all sat down, took out their books, quills, and parchment, and were talking when he finally entered the room. Cardozo smiled vaguely and placed his tatty old briefcase on the teacher's desk. He was as shabby as ever but looked healthier than he had on the train, as though he had had a few square meals.
　　"Good afternoon," he said. "Would you please put all your books back in your bags. Today's will be a practical lesson. You will need only your wands."
　　A few curious looks were exchanged as the class put away their books. They had never had a practical Defense Against the Dark Arts before, unless you counted the memorable class last year when their old teacher had brought a cageful of pixies -to class and set them loose.
　　"Right then," said Professor Cardozo, when everyone was ready. "If you'd follow me."
　　Puzzled but interested, the class got to its feet and followed Professor Cardozo out of the classroom. He led them along the deserted corridor and around a corner, where the first thing they saw was Peeves the Poltergeist, who was floating upside down in midair and stuffing the nearest keyhole with chewing gum.
　　Peeves didn't look up until Professor Cardozo was two feet away; ,hen he wiggled his curly-toed feet and broke into song.
　　"Loony, loopy Cardozo," Peeves sang. "Loony, loopy Cardozo, loony, loopy Cardozo --"
　　Rude and unmanageable as he almost always was, Peeves usually showed some respect toward the teachers. Everyone looked quickly at Professor Cardozo to see how he would take this; to their surprise, he was still smiling.
　　"I'd take that gum out of the keyhole if I were you, Peeves," he said pleasantly. "Mr. Filch won't be able to get in to his brooms."
　　Filch was the Hogwarts caretaker, a bad-tempered, failed wizard who waged a constant war against the students and, indeed, Peeves. However, Peeves paid no attention to Professor Cardozo's words, except to blow a loud wet raspberry.
　　Professor Cardozo gave a small sigh and took out his wand.
　　"This is a useful little spell, he told the class over his shoulder. "Please watch closely."
　　He raised the wand to shoulder height, said, "Waddiwasi! "and pointed it at Peeves.
　　With the force of a bullet, the wad of chewing gum shot out of the keyhole and straight down Peeves's left nostril; he whirled upright and zoomed away, cursing.
　　"Cool, sit!" said Dean Thomas in amazement.
　　"Thank you, Dean," said Professor Cardozo, putting his wand away again. "Shall we proceed?"
　　They set off again, the class looking at shabby Professor Cardozo with increased respect. He led them down a second corridor and stopped, right outside the staffroom door.
　　"Inside, please," said Professor Cardozo, opening it and standing back.
　　The staffroom, a long, paneled room full of old, mismatched chairs, was empty except for one teacher. Professor Peralta was sitting in a low armchair, and he looked around as the class filed in. His eyes were glittering and there was a nasty sneer playing around his mouth. As Professor Cardozo came in and made to close the door behind him, Peralta said, "Leave it open, Cardozo. I'd rather not witness this."
　　He got to his feet and strode past the class, his black robes billowing behind him. At the doorway he turned on his heel and said, "Possibly no one's warned you, Cardozo, but this class contains Mauricio Silva. I would advise you not to entrust him with anything difficult. Not unless Miss Fernandez is hissing instructions in his ear."
　　Mauricio went scarlet. Roberto glared at Peralta; it was bad enough that he bullied Mauricio in his own classes, let alone doing it in front of other teachers.
　　Professor Cardozo had raised his eyebrows.
　　"I was hoping that Mauricio would assist me with the first stage of the operation," he said, "and I am sure he will perform it admirably."
　　Mauricio's face went, if possible, even redder. Peralta's lip curled, but he left, shutting the door with a snap.
　　"Now, then," said Professor Cardozo, beckoning the class toward the end of the room, where there was nothing but an old wardrobe where the teachers kept their spare robes. As Professor Cardozo went to stand next to it, the wardrobe gave a sudden wobble, banging off the wall.
　　"Nothing to worry about," said Professor Cardozo calmly because a few people had jumped backward in alarm. "There's a boggart in there."
　　Most people seemed to feel that this was something to worry about. Mauricio gave Professor Cardozo a look of pure terror, and Seamus Finnigan eyed the now rattling doorknob apprehensively.
　　"Boggarts like dark, enclosed spaces," said Professor Cardozo. "Wardrobes, the gap beneath beds, the cupboards under sinks -- I've even met one that had lodged itself in a grandfather clock. This one moved in yesterday afternoon, and I asked the headmaster if the staff would leave it to give my third years some practice.
　　"So, the first question we must ask ourselves is, what is a boggart?"
　　Carolina put up her hand.
　　"It's a shape-shifter," she said. "It can take the shape of whatever it thinks will frighten us most."
　　"Couldn't have put it better myself," said Professor Cardozo, and Carolina glowed. "So the boggart sitting in the darkness within has not yet assumed a form. He does not yet know what will frighten the person on the other side of the door. Nobody knows what a boggart looks like when he is alone, but when I let him out, he will immediately become whatever each of us most fears.
　　"This means," said Professor Cardozo, choosing to ignore Mauricio's 'mall sputter of terror, "that we have a huge advantage over the boggart before we begin. Have you spotted it, Roberto?"
　　Trying to answer a question with Carolina next to him, bobbing up and down on the balls of her feet with her hand in the air, was very off-putting, but Roberto had a go.
　　"Er -- because there are so many of us, it won't know what shape it should be?"
　　"Precisely," said Professor Cardozo, and Carolina put her hand down, looking a little disappointed. "It's always best to have com pany when you're dealing with a boggart. He becomes confused. Which should he become, a headless corpse or a flesh-eating slug? I once saw a boggart make that very mistake -- tried to frighten two people at once and turned himself into half a slug. Not remotely frightening.
　　"The charm that repels a boggart is simple, yet it requires force of mind. You see, the thing that really finishes a boggart is laughter. What you need to do is force it to assume a shape that you find amusing.
　　"We will practice the charm without wands first. After me, please ... Riddikulus!"
　　"Riddikulus!" said the class together.
　　"Good," said Professor Cardozo. "Very good. But that was the easy part, I'm afraid. You see, the word alone is not enough. And this is where you come in, Mauricio."
　　The wardrobe shook again, though not as much as Mauricio, who walked forward as though he were heading for the gallows.
　　"Right, Mauricio," said Professor Cardozo. "First things first: what would you say is the thing that frightens you most in the world?"
　　Mauricio's lips moved, but no noise came out.
　　"didn't catch that, Mauricio, sorry," said Professor Cardozo cheerfully.
　　Mauricio looked around rather wildly, as though begging someone to help him, then said, in barely more than a whisper, "Professor Peralta."
　　Nearly everyone laughed. Even Mauricio grinned apologetically. Professor Cardozo, however, looked thoughtful.
　　"Professor Peralta... hmmm... Mauricio, I believe you live with your grandmother?"
　　"Er -- yes," said Mauricio nervously. "But -- I don't want the boggart to turn into her either."
　　"No, no, you misunderstand me," said Professor Cardozo, now smiling. "I wonder, could you tell us what sort of clothes your grandmother usually wears?"
　　Mauricio looked startled, but said, "Well... always the same hat. A tall one with a stuffed vulture on top. And a long dress... green, normally... and sometimes a fox-fur scarf."
　　"And a handbag?" prompted Professor Cardozo.
　　"A big red one," said Mauricio.
　　"Right then," said Professor Cardozo. "Can you picture those clothes very clearly, Mauricio? Can you see them in your mind's eye?"
　　"Yes," said Mauricio uncertainty, plainly wondering what was coming next.
　　"When the boggart bursts out of this wardrobe, Mauricio, and sees You, it will assume the form of Professor Peralta," said Cardozo. "And You will raise your wand -- thus -- and cry 'Riddikulus' -- and concentrate hard on your grandmother's clothes. If all goes well, Professor Boggart Peralta will be forced into that vulture-topped hat, and that green dress, with that big red handbag."
　　There was a great shout of laughter. The wardrobe wobbled more violently.
　　"If Mauricio is successful, the boggart is likely to shift his attention to each of us in turn," said Professor Cardozo. "I would like all of you to take a moment now to think of the thing that scares you most, and imagine how you might force it to look comical...."
　　The room went quiet. Roberto thought... 'What scared him most in the world?
　　His first thought was Lord Salvador -- a Salvador returned to full strength. But before he had even started to plan a possible counterattack on a boggart-Salvador, a horrible image came floating to the surface of his mind....
　　A rotting, glistening hand, slithering back beneath a black cloak ... a long, rattling breath from an unseen mouth... then a cold so penetrating it felt like drowning....
　　Roberto shivered, then looked around, hoping no one had noticed. Many people had their eyes shut tight. Diego was muttering to himself, "Take its legs off " Roberto was sure he knew what that was about. Diego's greatest fear was spiders.
　　"Everyone ready?" said Professor Cardozo.
　　Roberto felt a lurch of fear. He wasn't ready. How could you make a dementor less frightening? But he didn't want to ask for more time; everyone else was nodding and rolling up their sleeves.
　　"Mauricio, we're going to back away," said Professor Cardozo. "Let you have a clear field, all right? I'll call the next person forward.... Everyone back, now, so Mauricio can get a clear shot --"
　　They all retreated, backed against the walls, leaving Mauricio alone beside the wardrobe. He looked pale and frightened, but he had pushed up the sleeves of his robes and was holding his wand ready.
　　"On the count of three, Mauricio," said Professor Cardozo, who was
　　pointing his own wand at the handle of the wardrobe. "One two -- three -- now!"
　　A jet of sparks shot from the end of Professor Cardozo's wand and hit the doorknob. The wardrobe burst open. Hook-nosed and menacing, Professor Peralta stepped out, his eyes flashing at Mauricio.
　　Mauricio backed away, his wand up, mouthing wordlessly. Peralta was bearing down upon him, reaching inside his robes.
　　"R -- r -- riddikulus! "squeaked Mauricio.
　　There was a noise like a whip crack. Peralta stumbled; he was wearing a long, lace-trimmed dress and a towering hat topped with a moth-eaten vulture, and he was swinging a huge crimson handbag.
　　There was a roar of laughter; the boggart paused, confused, and Professor Cardozo shouted, "Parvati! Forward!"
　　Parvati walked forward, her face set. Peralta rounded on her. There was another crack, and where he had stood was a bloodstained, bandaged mummy; its sightless face was turned to Parvati and it began to walk toward her very slowly, dragging its feet, its stiff arms rising --
　　"Riddikulus!" cried Parvati.
　　A bandage unraveled at the mummy's feet; it became entangled, fell face forward, and its head rolled off.
　　"Seamus!" roared Professor Cardozo.
　　Seamus darted past Parvati.
　　Crack! Where the mummy had been was a woman with floorlength black hair and a skeletal, green-tinged face -- a banshee. She opened her mouth wide and an unearthly sound filled the room, a long, wailing shriek that made the hair on Roberto's head stand on end -- 'Riddikulus!" shouted Seamus.
　　The banshee made a rasping noise and clutched her throat; her voice was gone.
　　Crack! The banshee turned into a rat, which chased its tail in a circle, then -- crack!- became a rattlesnake, which slithered and writhed before -- crack! -- becoming a single, bloody eyeball.
　　'It's confused!" shouted Cardozo. "We're getting there! Dean!"
　　Dean hurried forward.
　　Crack! The eyeball became a severed hand, which flipped over and began to creep along the floor like a crab.
　　"Riddikulus!" yelled Dean.
　　'There was a snap, and the hand was trapped in a mousetrap.
　　"Excellent! Diego, you next!"
　　Diego leapt forward.
　　Crack!
　　Quite a few people screamed. A giant spider, six feet tall and covered in hair, was advancing on Diego, clicking its pincers menacingly. For a moment, Roberto thought Diego had frozen. Then --
　　"Riddikulus!" bellowed Diego, and the spider's legs vanished; it rolled over and over; Lavender Brown squealed and ran out of its way and it came to a halt at Roberto's feet. He raised his wand, ready, but --
　　"Here!" shouted Professor Cardozo suddenly, hurrying forward. Crack!
　　The legless spider had vanished. For a second, everyone looked wildly around to see where it was. Then they saw a silvery-white orb hanging in the air in front of Cardozo, who said, "Riddikulus!" almosi lazily.
　　Crack!
　　"Forward, Mauricio, and finish him off!" said Cardozo as the boggart landed on the floor as a cockroach. Crack! Peralta was back. This time Mauricio charged forward looking determined.
　　"Riddikulus!" he shouted, and they had a split second's view of Peralta in his lacy dress before Mauricio let out a great "Ha!" of laughter, and the boggart exploded, burst into a thousand tiny wisps of smoke, and was gone.
　　"Excellent!" cried Professor Cardozo as the class broke into applause. "Excellent) Mauricio. Well done, everyone.... Let me See... five points to Gryffindor for every person to tackle the boggart -- ten for Mauricio because he did it twice... and five each to Carolina and Roberto."
　　"But I didn't do anything," said Roberto.
　　"You and Carolina answered my questions correctly at the start of the class, Roberto," Cardozo said lightly. "Very well, everyone, an excellent lesson. Homework, kindly read the chapter on boggarts and summarize it for me... to be handed in on Monday. That will be all."
　　Talking excitedly, the class left the staffroom. Roberto, however, wasn't feeling cheerful. Professor Cardozo had deliberately stopped him from tackling the boggart. Why? Was it because he'd seen Roberto collapse on the train, and thought he wasn't up to much? Had he thought Roberto would pass out again?
　　But no one else seemed to have noticed anything.
　　"Did you see me take that banshee?" shouted Seamus. "And the hand!" said Dean, waving his own around.
　　"And Peralta in that hat!" "And my mummy!"
　　I wonder why Professor Cardozo's frightened of crystal balls?" said Lavender thoughtfully.
　　"That was the best Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson we've ever had, wasn't it?" said Diego excitedly as they made their way back to the classroom to get their bags.
　　"He seems like a very good teacher," said Carolina approvingly. "But I wish I could have had a turn with the boggart --"
　　"What would it have been for you?" said Diego, sniggering. "A piece of homework that only got nine out of ten?"
　　CHAPTER EIGHT
　　FLIGHT OF THE FAT FADY
　　In no time at all, Defense Against the Dark Arts had become most people's favorite class. Only Javier Sosa and his gang of Slytherins had anything bad to say about Professor Cardozo.
　　"Look at the state of his robes," Sosa would say in a loud whisper as Professor Cardozo passed. "He dresses like our old houseelf "
　　But no one else cared that Professor Cardozo's robes were patched and frayed. His next few lessons were just as interesting as the first. After boggarts, they studied Red Caps, nasty little goblin like creatures that lurked wherever there had been bloodshed: in the dungeons of castles and the potholes of deserted battlefields, waiting to bludgeon those who had gotten lost. From Red Caps they moved on to kappas, creepy. water-dwellers that looked like scaly monkeys, with webbed hands itching to strangle unwitting waders in their ponds.
　　Roberto only wished he was as happy with some of his other classes. Worst of all was Potions. Peralta was in a particularly vindictive mood these days, and no one was in any doubt why. The story of the boggart assuming Peralta's shape, and the way that Mauricio had dressed it in his grandmother's clothes, had traveled through the school like wildfire. Peralta didn't seem to find it funny. His eyes flashed menacingly at the very mention of Professor Cardozo's name, and he was bullying Mauricio worse than ever.
　　Roberto was also growing to dread the hours he spent in Professor Trelawney's stifling tower room, deciphering lopsided shapes and symbols, trying to ignore the way Professor Trelawney's enormous eyes filled with tears every time she looked at him. He couldn't like Professer Trelawney, even though she was treated with respect bordering on reverence by many of the class. Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown had taken to haunting Professor Trelawney's tower room at lunch times, and always returned with annoyingly superior looks on their faces, as though they knew things the others didn't. They had also started using hushed voices whenever they spoke to Roberto, as though he were on his deathbed.
　　Nobody really liked Care of Magical Creatures, which, after the action-packed first class, had become extremely dull. Villalba seemed to have lost his confidence. They were now spending lesson after lesson learning how to look after flobberworms, which had to be some of the most boring creatures in existence.
　　"Why would anyone bother looking after them?" said Diego, after yet another hour of poking shredded lettuce down the flobberworms' throats.
　　At the start of October, however, Roberto had something else to occupy him, something so enjoyable it more than made up for his unsatisfactory classes. The Quidditch season was approaching, and O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team, called a meeting on Thursday evening to discuss tactics for the new season.
　　There were seven people on a Quidditch team: three Chasers, whose job it was to score goals by putting the Quaffle (a red, soccer-sized ball) through one of the fifty-foot-high hoops at each
　　end of the field; two Beaters, who were equipped with heavy bats to repel the Bludgers (two heavy black balls that zoomed around trying to attack the players); a Keeper, who defended the goal
　　posts, and the Seeker, who had the hardest job of all, that of catching the Golden Snitch, a tiny, winged, walnut-sized ball, whose capture ended the game and earned the Seeker's team an extra one hundred and fifty points.
　　Oliver Wood was a burly seventeen-year-old, now in his seventh and final year at Hogwarts. There was a quiet sort of desperation in his voice a's he addressed his six fellow team members in the chilly locker rooms on the edge of the darkening Quidditch field.
　　"This is our last chance -- my last chance -- to win the Quidditch Cup," he told them, striding up and down in front of them. "I'll be leaving at the end of this year. I'll never get another shot at it."
　　"Gryffindor hasn't won for seven years now. Okay, so we've had the worst luck in the world -- injuries -- then the tournamentgetting called off last year Wood swallowed, as though the memory still brought a lump to his throat. "But we also know we've got the best-ruddy-team-in-the-school," he said, punching a fist into his other hand, the old manic glint back in his eye. "We've got three superb Chasers."
　　Wood pointed at Alicia Spinner, Angelina Johnson, and Katie Bell.
　　"We've got two unbeatable Beaters."
　　"Stop it, Oliver, you're embarrassing us," said Pablo and Luis Lopez together, pretending to blush.
　　"And we've got a Seeker who has never failed to win us a match!" Wood rumbled, glaring at Roberto with a kind of furious pride. "And me," he added as an afterthought.
　　"We think you're very good too, Oliver," said Luis.
　　"Spanking good Keeper," said Pablo.
　　"The point is," Wood went on, resuming his pacing, "the Quidditch Cup should have had our name on it these last two years. Ever since Roberto joined the team, I've thought the thing was in the bag. But we haven't got it, and this year's the last chance we'll get to finally see our name on the thing...."
　　Wood spoke so dejectedly that even Pablo and Luis looked sympathetic.
　　"Oliver, this year's our year," said Pablo.
　　"We'll do it, Oliver!" said Angelina.
　　"Definitely," said Roberto.
　　Full of determination, the team started training sessions, three evenings a week. The weather was getting colder and wetter, the nights darker, but no amount of mud, wind, or rain could tarnish Roberto's wonderful vision of finally winning the huge, silver Quidditch Cup.
　　Roberto returned to the Gryffindor common room one evening after training, cold and stiff but pleased with the way practice had gone, to find the room buzzing excitedly.
　　"What's happened?", he asked Diego and Carolina, who were sitting in two of the best chairs by the fireside and completing some star charts for Astronomy.
　　"First Hogsmeade weekend," said Diego, pointing at a notice that had appeared on the battered old bulletin board. "End of October. Halloween."
　　"Excellent," said Pablo, who had followed Roberto through the portrait hole. "I need to visit Zonko's. I'm nearly out of Stink Pellets."
　　Roberto threw himself into a chair beside Diego, his high spirits ebbing away. Carolina seemed to read his mind.
　　"Roberto, I'm sure you'll be able to go next time," she said. "They're bound to catch Martinez soon. He's been sighted once already."
　　"Martinez's not fool enough to try anything in Hogsmeade," said Diego. "Ask Romero if you can go this time, Roberto. The next one might not be for ages --"
　　"Diego!" said Carolina. "Roberto's supposed to stay in school-"
　　"He can't be the only third year left behind," said Diego. "Ask Romero, go on, Roberto --"
　　"Yeah, I think I will," said Roberto, making up his mind.
　　Carolina opened her mouth to argue, but at that moment Crookshanks leapt lightly onto her lap. A large, dead spider was dangling from his mouth.
　　"Does he have to eat that in front of us?" said Diego, scowling.
　　"Clever Crookshanks, did you catch that all by yourself?" said Carolina.
　　Crookshanks; slowly chewed up the spider, his yellow eyes fixed insolently on Diego.
　　"Just keep him over there, that's all," said Diego irritably, turning back to his star chart. "1've got Scabbers asleep in my bag."
　　Roberto yawned. He really wanted to go to bed, but he still had his own star chart to complete. He pulled his bag toward him, took out parchment, ink, and quill, and started work.
　　"You can copy mine, if you like," said Diego, labeling his last star with a flourish and shoving the chart toward Roberto.
　　Carolina, who disapproved of copying, pursed her lips but didn't say anything. Crookshanks was still staring unblinkingly at Diego, flicking the end of his bushy tail. Then, without warning, he pounced.
　　"OY!" Diego roared, seizing his bag as Crookshanks sank four sets of claws deep inside it and began tearing ferociously. "GET OFF, YOU STUPID ANIMAL!"
　　Diego tried to pull the bag away from Crookshanks, but Crookshanks clung on, spitting and slashing.
　　"Diego, don't hurt him!" squealed Carolina; the whole common room was watching; Diego whirled the bag around, Crookshanks still clinging to it, and Scabbers came flying out of the top -
　　"CATCH THAT CAR' Diego yelled as Crookshanks freed himself from the remnants of the bag, sprang over the table, and chased after the terrified Scabbers.
　　Luis Lopez made a lunge for Crookshanks but missed; Scabbers streaked through twenty pairs of legs and shot beneath an old chest of drawers. Crookshanks skidded to a halt, crouched low on his bandy legs, and started making furious swipes beneath it with his front paw.
　　Diego and Carolina hurried over; Carolina grabbed Crookshanks around the middle and heaved him away; Diego threw himself onto his stomach and, with great difficulty, pulled Scabbers out by the tail.
　　"Look at him!" he said furiously to Carolina, dangling Scabbers in front of her. "He's skin and bone! You keep that cat away from him!"
　　"Crookshanks doesn't understand it's wrong!" said Carolina, her voice shaking. "All cats chase rats, Diego!"
　　"There's something funny about that animal!" said Diego, who was trying to persuade a frantically wiggling Scabbers back into his pocket. "It heard me say that Scabbers was in my bag!"
　　"Oh, what rubbish," said Carolina impatiently. "Crookshanks could smell him, Diego, how else d'you think --"
　　"That cat's got it in for Scabbers!" said Diego, 'ignoring the people around him, who were starting to giggle. "And Scabbers was here first, and he's ill!"
　　Diego marched through the common room and out of sight up the stairs to the boys' dormitories.
　　Diego was still in a bad mood with Carolina next day. He barely talked to her all through Herbology, even though he, Roberto, and Carolina were working together on the same puffapod.
　　"How's Scabbers?" Carolina asked timidly as they stripped fat pink pods from the plants and emptied the shining beans into a wooden pail.
　　"He's hiding at the bottom of my bed, shaking, " said Diego angrily, missing the pail and scattering beans over the greenhouse floor.
　　"Careful, Lopez, careful!" cried Professor Sprout as the beans burst into bloom before their very eyes.
　　They had Transfiguration next. Roberto, who had resolved to ask Professor Romero after the lesson whether he could go into Hogsmeade with the rest, joined the line outside the class trying to decide how he was going to argue his case. He was distracted, however, by a disturbance at the front of the line.
　　Lavender Brown seemed to be crying. Parvati had her arm around her and was explaining something to Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who were looking very serious.
　　"What's the matter, Lavender?" said Carolina anxiously as she, Roberto, and Diego went to join the group.
　　"She got a letter from home this morning," Parvati whispered. "It's her rabbit, Binky. He's been killed by a fox."
　　"Oh," said Carolina, "I'm sorry, Lavender."
　　"I should have known!" said Lavender tragically. "You know what day it is?"
　　"Er --"
　　"The sixteenth of October! 'That thing you're dreading, it will happen on the sixteenth of October!' Remember? She was right, she was right!"
　　The whole class was gathered around Lavender now. Seamus shook his head seriously. Carolina hesitated; then she said, "You -- you were dreading Binky being killed by a fox?"
　　"Well, not necessarily by a fox," said Lavender, looking up at Carolina with streaming eyes, "but I was obviously dreading him dying, wasn't l?"
　　"Oh," said Carolina. She paused again. Then
　　"Was Binky an old rabbit?"
　　"N -- no!" sobbed Lavender. "H -- he was only a baby!"
　　Parvati tightened her arm around Lavender's shoulders.
　　"But then, why would you dread him dying?" said Carolina.
　　Parvati glared at her.
　　"Well, look at it logically," said Carolina, turning to the rest of the group- "I mean, Binky didn't even die today, did he? Lavender just got the news today-" Lavender wailed loudly. "- and she can't have been dreading it, because it's come as a real shock --"
　　"Don't mind Carolina, Lavender," said Diego loudly, "she doesn't think other people's pets matter very much."
　　Professor Romero opened the classroom door at that moment, which was perhaps lucky; Carolina and Diego were looking daggers at each other, and when they got into class, they seated themselves on either side of Roberto and didn't talk to each other for the whole class.
　　Roberto still hadn't decided what he was going to say to Professor Romero when the bell rang at the end of the lesson, but it was she who brought up the subject of Hogsmeade first.
　　"One moment, please !" she called as the class made to leave. "As you're all in my House, you should hand Hogsmeade permission forms to me before Halloween. No form, no visiting the village, so don't forget!"
　　Mauricio put up his hand.
　　"Please, Professor, I -- I think I've lost
　　"Your grandmother sent yours to me directly, Silva," said Professor Romero. "She seemed to think it was safer. Well, that's all, you may leave."
　　"Ask her now," Diego hissed at Roberto.
　　"Oh. but --" Carolina began.
　　"Go for it, Roberto," said Diego stubbornly.
　　Roberto waited for the rest of the class to disappear, then headed nervously for Professor Romero's desk.
　　"Yes, Gonzales?" Roberto took a deep breath.
　　"Professor, my aunt and uncle -- er -- forgot to sign my form," he said.
　　Professor Romero looked over her square spectacles at him but didn't say anything.
　　"So -- er d'you think it would be all right mean, will It be okay if I -- if I go to Hogsmeade?"
　　Professor Romero looked down and began shuffling papers on her desk.
　　"I'm afraid not, Gonzales," she said. "You heard what I said. No form, no visiting the village. That's the rule."
　　"But -- Professor, my aunt and uncle -- you know, they're Muggles, they don't really understand about -- about Hogwarts forms and stuff," Roberto said, while Diego egged him on with vigorous nods. "If you said I could go --"
　　"But I don't say so," said Professor Romero, standing up and piling her papers neatly into a drawer. "The form clearly states that the parent or guardian must give permission." She turned to look at him, with an odd expression on her face. Was it pity? "I'm sorry, Gonzales, but that's my final word. You had better hurry, or you'll be late for your next lesson."
　　There was nothing to be done. Diego called Professor Romero a lot of names that greatly annoyed Carolina; Carolina assumed an "all-for-the-best" expression that made Diego even angrier, and Roberto had to endure everyone in the class talking loudly and happily about what they were going to do first, once they got into Hogsmeade.
　　"There's always the feast," said Diego, in an effort to cheer Roberto UP. "You know, the Halloween feast, in the evening."
　　"Yeah," said Roberto gloomily, "great."
　　The Halloween feast was always good, but it would taste a lot better if he was coming to it after a day in Hogsmeade with everyone else. Nothing anyone said made him feel any better about being left behind. Dean Thomas, who was good with a quill, had offered to forge Uncle Francisco's signature on the form, but as Roberto had already told Professor Romero he hadn't had it signed, that was no good. Diego halfheartedly suggested the Invisibility Cloak, but Carolina stamped on that one, reminding Diego what Dominguez had told them about the dementors being able to see through them. Miguel had what were possibly the least helpful words of comfort.
　　"They make a fuss about Hogsmeade, but I assure you, Roberto, it's not all it's cracked up to be," he said seriously. "All right, the sweetshop's rather good, and Zonko's Joke Shop's frankly dangerous, and yes, the Shrieking Shack's always worth a visit, but really, Roberto, apart from that, you're not missing anything."
　　On Halloween morning, Roberto awoke with the rest and went down to breakfast, feeling thoroughly depressed, though doing his best to act normally.
　　"We'll bring you. lots of sweets back from Honeydukes," said Carolina, looking desperately sorry for him.
　　"Yeah, loads," said Diego. He and Carolina had finally forgotten their squabble about Crookshanks in the face of Roberto's difficulties.
　　"Don't worry about me," said Roberto, in what he hoped was at, offhand voice, "I'll see you at the feast. Have a good time."
　　He accompanied them to the entrance hall, where Filch, the caretaker, was standing inside the front doors, checking off names against a long list, peering suspiciously into every face, and making sure that no one was sneaking out who shouldn't be going.
　　"Staying here, Gonzales?" shouted Sosa, who was standing in line with Crabbe and Goyle. "Scared of passing the dementors?"
　　Roberto ignored him and made his solitary way up the marble staircase, through the deserted corridors, and back to Gryffindor Tower.
　　"Password?" said the Fat Lady, jerking out of a doze.
　　"Fortuna Major," said Roberto listlessly.
　　The portrait swung open and he climbed through the hole into the common room. It was full of chattering first and second years, and a few older students, who had obviously visited Hogsmeade so often the novelty had worn off
　　"Roberto! Roberto! Hi, Roberto!"
　　It was Colin Creevey, a second year who was deeply in awe of Roberto and never missed an opportunity to speak to him.
　　"Aren't you going to Hogsmeade, Roberto? Why not? Hey" -- Colin looked eagerly around at his friends -- "you can come and sit with us, if you like, Roberto!"
　　"Er -- no, thanks, Colin," said Roberto, who wasn't in the mood to have a lot of people staring avidly at the scar on his forehead. "I -- I've got to go to the library, got to get some work done."
　　After that, he had no choice but to turn right around and head back out of the portrait hole again.
　　"What was the point waking me up?" the Fat Lady called grumpily after him as he walked away.
　　Roberto wandered dispiritedly toward the library, but halfway there he changed his mind; he didn't feel like working. He turned around and came face-to-face with Filch, who had obviously just seen off the last of the Hogsmeade visitors.
　　"What are you doing?" Filch snarled suspiciously.
　　"Nothing," said Roberto truthfully.
　　"Nothing!" spat Filch, his jowls quivering unpleasantly. "A likely story! Sneaking around on your own -- why aren't you in Hogsmeade buying Stink Pellets and Belch Powder and Whizzing Worms like the rest of your nasty little friends?"
　　Roberto shrugged.
　　"Well, get back to your common room where you belong!" snapped Filch, and he stood glaring until Roberto had passed out of sight.
　　But Roberto didn't go back to the common room; he climbed a staircase, thinking vaguely of visiting the Owlery to see Hedwig, and was walking along another corridor when a voice from inside one of the rooms said, "Roberto?"
　　Roberto doubled back to see who had spoken and met Professor Cardozo, looking around his office door.
　　"What are you doing?" said Cardozo, though in a very different voice from Filch. "Where are Diego and Carolina?"
　　"Hogsmeade," said Roberto, in a would-be casual voice.
　　"Ah," said Cardozo. He considered Roberto for a moment. "Why don't you come in? I've just taken delivery of a grindylow for our next lesson." "A what?" said Roberto. I
　　He followed Cardozo into his office. In the corner stood a very large tank of water. A sickly green creature with sharp little horns had its face pressed against the glass, pulling faces and flexing its long, spindly fingers.
　　"Water demon," said Cardozo, surveying the grindylow thoughtfully. "We shouldn't have much difficulty with him, not after the kappas. The trick is to break his grip. You notice the abnormally long fingers? Strong, but very brittle."
　　The grindylow bared its green teeth and then buried itself in a tangle of weeds in a corner.
　　"Cup of tea?" Cardozo said, looking around for his kettle. "I was just thinking of making one."
　　"All right," said Roberto awkwardly.
　　Cardozo tapped the kettle with his wand and a blast of steam issued suddenly from the spout.
　　"Sit down," said Cardozo, taking the lid off a dusty tin. "I've only got teabags, I'm afraid -- but I daresay you've had enough of tea leaves?"
　　Roberto looked at him. Cardozo's eyes were twinkling.
　　"How did you know about that?" Roberto asked.
　　"Professor Romero told me," said Cardozo, passing Roberto a chipped mug of tea. "You're not worried, are you?"
　　"No," said Roberto.
　　He thought for a moment of telling Cardozo about the dog he'd seen in Magnolia Crescent but decided not to. He didn't want Cardozo to think he was a coward, especially since Cardozo alreadv seemed to think he couldn't cope with a boggart.
　　Something of Roberto's thoughts seemed to have shown on his face, because Cardozo said, "Anything worrying you, Roberto?"
　　"No," Roberto lied. He drank a bit of tea and watched the grindylow brandishing a fist at him. "Yes," he said suddenly, putting his tea down on Cardozo's desk. "You know that day we fought the boggart?"
　　"Yes," said Cardozo slowly.
　　"Why didn't you let me fight it?" said Roberto abruptly.
　　Cardozo raised his eyebrows.
　　"I would have thought that was obvious, Roberto," he said, sounding surprised.
　　Roberto, who had expected Cardozo to deny that he'd done any such thing, was taken aback.
　　"Why?" he said again.
　　"Well," said Cardozo, frowning slightly, "I assumed that if the boggart faced you, it would assume the shape of Lord Salvador."
　　Roberto stared. Not only was this the last answer he'd expected, but Cardozo had said Salvador's name. The only person Roberto had ever heard say the name aloud (apart from himself) was Professor Dominguez.
　　"Clearly, I was wrong," said Cardozo, still frowning at Roberto. "But I didn't think it a good idea for Lord Salvador to materialize in the staffroom. I imagined that people would panic."
　　"I didn't think of Salvador," said Roberto honestly. "I -- I remembered those dementors."
　　"I see," said Cardozo thoughtfully. "Well, well... I'm impressed." fie smiled slightly at the look of surprise on Roberto's face. "That suggests that what you fear most of all is -- fear. Very wise, Roberto."
　　Roberto didn't know what to say to that, so he drank some mot,, tea.
　　"So you've been thinking that I didn't believe you capable of fighting the boggart?" said Cardozo shrewdly.
　　"Well... yeah," said Roberto. He was suddenly feeling a lot happier. "Professor Cardozo, you know the dementors --"
　　He was interrupted by a knock on the door.
　　"Come in," called Cardozo.
　　The door opened, and in came Peralta. He was carrying a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Roberto, his black eyes narrowing.
　　"Ah, Carlos," said Cardozo, smiling. "Thanks very much. Could you leave it here on the desk for me?"
　　Peralta set down the smoking goblet, his eyes wandering between Roberto and Cardozo.
　　"I was just showing Roberto my grindylow," said Cardozo pleasantly, pointing at the tank.
　　"Fascinating," said Peralta, without looking at it. "You should drink that directly, Cardozo."
　　"Yes, Yes, I will," said Cardozo.
　　"I made an entire cauldronful," Peralta continued. "If you need more.
　　"I should probably take some again tomorrow. Thanks very much, Carlos."
　　"Not at all," said Peralta, but there was a look in his eye Roberto didn't like. He backed out of the room, unsmiling and watchful.
　　Roberto looked curiously at the goblet. Cardozo smiled.
　　"Professor Peralta has very kindly concocted a potion for me," he said. "I have never been much of a potion-brewer and this one is particularly complex." He picked up the goblet and sniffed it. "Pity sugar makes it useless," he added, taking a sip and shuddering.
　　"Why --?" Roberto began. Cardozo looked at him and answered the unfinished question.
　　"I've been feeling a bit off-color," he said. "This potion is the only thing that helps. I am very lucky to be working alongside Professor Peralta; there aren't many wizards who are up to making it."
　　Professor Cardozo took another sip and Roberto had a crazy urge to knock the goblet out of his hands.
　　"Professor Peralta's very interested in the Dark Arts, he blurted out.
　　"Really?" said Cardozo, looking only mildly interested as he took another gulp of potion.
　　"Some people reckon --" Roberto hesitated, then plunged recklessly on, "some people reckon he'd do anything to get the Defense Against the Dark Arts job."
　　Cardozo drained the goblet and pulled a face.
　　"Disgusting," he said. "Well, Roberto, I'd better get back to work. see you at the feast later."
　　"Right," said Roberto, putting down his empty teacup.
　　The empty goblet was still smoking.
　　"There you go," said Diego. "We got as much as we could carry."
　　A shower of brilliantly colored sweets fell into Roberto's lap. It was dusk, and Diego and Carolina had just turned up in the common room, pink-faced from the cold wind and looking as though they'd had the time of their lives.
　　"Thanks," said Roberto, picking up a packet of tiny black Pepper Imps. "What's Hogsmeade like? Where did you go?"
　　By the sound of it -- everywhere. Dervish and Banges, the wizarding equipment shop, Zonko's Joke Shop, into the Three Broomsticks for foaming mugs of hot butterbeer, and many places besides.
　　"The post office, Roberto! About two hundred owls, all sitting on shelves, all color-coded depending on how fast you want your letter to get there!"
　　"Honeydukes has got a new kind of fudge; they were giving out free samples, there's a bit, look --"
　　"We think we saw an ogre, honestly, they get all sorts at the Three Broomsticks --"
　　"Wish we could have brought you some butterbeer, really warms you up --"
　　"What did you do?" said Carolina, looking anxious. "Did you get any work done?"
　　"No," said Roberto. "Cardozo made me a cup of tea in his office. And then Peralta came in...."
　　He told them all about the goblet. Diego's mouth fell open.
　　"Cardozo drank it?" he gasped. "Is he mad?"
　　Carolina checked her watch.
　　"We'd better go down, you know, the feast'll be starting in fiveminutes They hurried through the portrait hole and into the crowd, still discussing Peralta.
　　"But if he -- you know" -- Carolina dropped her voice, glancing nervously around -- "if he was trying to to poison Cardozo -- he wouldn't have done it in front of Roberto."
　　"Yeah, maybe," said Roberto as they reached the entrance hall and crossed into the Great Hall. It had been decorated with hundreds and hundreds of candle-filled pumpkins, a cloud of fluttering live bats, and many flaming orange streamers, which were swimming lazily across the stormy ceiling like brilliant watersnakes.
　　The food was delicious; even Carolina and Diego, who were full to bursting with Honeydukes sweets, managed second helpings of everything. Roberto kept glancing at the staff table. Professor Cardozo
　　looked cheerful and as well as he ever did; he was talking animatedly to tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher. Roberto moved his eyes along the table, to the place where Peralta sat. Was he imagining it, or were Peralta's eyes flickering toward Cardozo more often than was natural?
　　The feast finished with an entertainment provided by the Hogwarts ghosts. They popped out of the walls and tables to do a bit of formation gliding; Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had a great success with a reenactment of his own botched beheading.
　　It had been such a pleasant evening that Roberto's good mood couldn't even be spoiled by Sosa, who shouted through the crowd as they all left the hall, "The dementors send their love, Gonzales!"
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina followed the rest of the Gryffindors along the usual path to Gryffindor Tower, but when they reached the corridor that ended with the portrait of the Fat Lady, they found it jammed with students.
　　"Why isn't anyone going in?" said Diego curiously.
　　Roberto peered over the heads in front of him. The portrait seemed to be closed.
　　"Let me through, please," came Miguel's voice, and he came bustling importantly through the crowd. "What's the holdup here? You can't all have forgotten the password -- excuse me, I'm Head Boy --"
　　And then a silence fell over the crowd, from the front first, so that a chill seemed to spread down the corridor. They heard Miguel say, in a suddenly sharp voice, "Somebody get Professor Dominguez. Quick."
　　People's heads turned; those at the back were standing on tiptoe.
　　"What's going on?" said Martina, who had just arrived.
　　A moment later, Professor Dominguez was there, sweeping toward the portrait; the Gryffindors squeezed together to let him through, and Roberto, Diego, and Carolina moved closer to see what the trouble was.
　　"Oh, my --" Carolina grabbed Roberto's arm.
　　The Fat Lady had vanished from her portrait, which had been slashed so viciously that strips of canvas littered the floor; great chunks of it had been torn away completely.
　　Dominguez took one quick look at the ruined painting and turned, his eyes somber, to see Professors Romero, Cardozo, and Peralta hurrying toward him.
　　"We need to find her," said Dominguez. "Professor Romero, please go to Mr. Filch at once and tell him to search every painting in the castle for the Fat Lady."
　　"You'll be lucky!" said a cackling voice.
　　It was Peeves the Poltergeist, bobbing over the crowd and looking delighted, as he always did, at the sight of wreckage or worry.
　　"What do you mean, Peeves?" said Dominguez calmly, and Peeves's grin faded a little. He didn't dare taunt Dominguez. Instead he adopted an oily voice that was no better than his cackle. "Ashamed, Your Headship, sit. Doesn't want to be seen. She's a horrible mess. Saw her running through the landscape up on the fourth floor, sir, dodging between the trees. Crying something dreadful," he said happily. "Poor thing," he added unconvincingly.
　　"Did she say who did it?" said Dominguez quietly.
　　"Oh yes, Professorhead," said Peeves, with the air of one cradling a large bombshell in his arms. "He got very angry when she wouldn't let him in, you see." Peeves flipped over and grinned at Dominguez from between his own legs. "Nasty temper he's got, that Gustavo Martinez."
　　CHAPTER NINE
　　GRIM DEFEAT
　　Professor Dominguez sent all the Gryffindors back to the Great Hall, where they were joined ten minutes later by the students from Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin, who all looked extremely confused.
　　"The teachers and I need to conduct a thorough search of the castle," Professor Dominguez told them as Professors Romero and Flitwick closed all doors into the hall. "I'm afraid that, for your own safety, you will have to spend the night here. I want the prefects to stand guard over the entrances to the hall and I am leaving the Head Boy and Girl in charge. Any disturbance should be reported to me immediately," he added to Miguel, who was looking immensely proud and important. "Send word with one of the ghosts."
　　Professor Dominguez paused, about to leave the hall, and said, "Oh, yes, you'll be needing..."
　　One casual wave of his wand and the long tables flew to the edges of the hall and stood themselves against the walls; another wave, and the floor was covered with hundreds of squashy purple sleeping bags.
　　"Sleep well," said Professor Dominguez, closing the door behind him.
　　The hall immediately began to buzz excitedly; the Gryffindors were telling the rest of the school what had just happened.
　　"Everyone into their sleeping bags!" shouted Miguel. "Come on, now, no more talking! Lights out in ten minutes!"
　　"C'mon," Diego said to Roberto and Carolina; they seized three sleeping bags and dragged them into a corner.
　　"Do you think Martinez's still in the castle?" Carolina whispered anxiously.
　　"Dominguez obviously thinks he might be," said Diego.
　　"It's very lucky he picked tonight, you know," said Carolina as they climbed fully dressed into their sleeping bags and propped themselves on their elbows to talk. "The one night we weren't in the tower...."
　　I reckon he's lost track of time, being on the run," said Diego. "Didn't realize it was Halloween. Otherwise he'd have come bursting in here."
　　Carolina shuddered.
　　All around them, people were asking one another the same question: "How did he get in?"
　　"Maybe he knows how to Apparate," said a Ravenclaw a few feet away, "Just appear out of thin air, you know."
　　"Disguised himself, probably," said a Hufflepuff fifth year. "He could've flown in," suggested Dean Thomas.
　　"Honestly, am I the only person who's ever bothered to read Hogwarts, A History?" said Carolina crossly to Roberto and Diego.
　　"Probably," said Diego. "Why?"
　　"Because the castle's protected by more than walls, You know,,, said Carolina. "There are all sorts of enchantments on it, to stop people entering by stealth. You can't just Apparate in here. And I'd like to see the disguise that could fool those dementors. They're guarding every single entrance to the grounds. They'd have seen him fly in too. And Fitch knows all the secret passages, they'll have them covered...."
　　"The lights are going out now!" Miguel shouted. "I want everyone in their sleeping bags and no more talking!"
　　The candles all went out at once. The only light now came from the silvery ghosts, who were drifting about talking seriously to the prefects, and the enchanted ceiling, which, like the sky outside, was scattered with stars. What with that, and the whispering that still filled the hall, Roberto felt as though he were sleeping outdoors in a light wind.
　　Once every hour, a teacher would reappear in the hall to check that everything was quiet. Around three in the morning, when many students had finally fallen asleep, Professor Dominguez came in. Roberto watched him looking around for Miguel, who had been prowling between the sleeping bags, telling people off for talking. Miguel was only a short way away from Roberto, Diego, and Hermlone, who quickly pretended to be asleep as Dominguez's footsteps drew nearer.
　　"Any sign of him, Professor?" asked Miguel in a whisper.
　　"No. All well here?"
　　"Everything under control, sir."
　　"Good. There's no point moving them all now. I've found a temporary guardian for the Gryffindor portrait hole. You'll be able to move them back in tomorrow."
　　"And the Fat Lady, sir?"
　　"Hiding in a map of Argyllshire on the second floor. Apparently she refused to let Martinez in without the password, so he attacked. She's still very distressed, but once she's calmed down, I'll have Mr. Filch restore her."
　　Roberto heard the door of the hall creak open again, and more footsteps.
　　"Headmaster?" It was Peralta. Roberto kept quite still, listening hard. "The whole of the third floor has been searched. He's not there. And Filch has done the dungeons; nothing there either."
　　"What about the Astronomy tower? Professor Trelawney's room? The Owlery?"
　　"All searched."
　　"Very well, Carlos. I didn't really expect Martinez to linger."
　　"Have you any theory as to how he got in, Professor?" asked Peralta.
　　Roberto raised his head very slightly off his arms to free his other ear,
　　"Many, Carlos, each of them as unlikely as the next."
　　Roberto opened his eyes a fraction and squinted up to where they stood; Dominguez's back was to him, but he could see Miguel's face, rapt with attention, and Peralta's profile, which looked angry.
　　"You remember the conversation we had, Headmaster, just before -- ah -- the start of term?" said Peralta, who was barely opening his lips, as though trying to block Miguel out of the conversation.
　　"I do, Carlos," said Dominguez, and there was something like warning in his voice.
　　"It seems -- almost impossible -- that Martinez could have entered the school without inside help. I did express my concerns whet, you appointed --"
　　"I do not believe a single person inside this castle would have helped Martinez enter it," said Dominguez, and his tone made it so clear that the subject was closed that Peralta didn't reply. "I must go down to the dementors," said Dominguez. I said I would inform them when our search was complete."
　　"Didn't they want to help, sit?" said Miguel.
　　"Oh yes," said Dominguez coldly. "But I'm afraid no dementor will cross the threshold of this castle while I am headmaster."
　　Miguel looked slightly abashed. Dominguez left the hall, walking quickly and quietly. Peralta stood for a moment, watching the headmaster with an expression of deep resentment on his face; then he too left.
　　Roberto glanced sideways at Diego and Carolina. Both of them had their eyes open too, reflecting the starry ceiling.
　　"\What was all that about?" Diego mouthed.
　　The school talked of nothing but Gustavo Martinez for the next few days. The theories about how he had entered the castle became wilder and wilder; Hannah Abbott, from Hufflepuff, spent much of their next Herbology class telling anyone who'd listen that Martinez could turn into a flowering shrub.
　　The Fat Lady's ripped canvas had been taken off the wall and
　　Replaced with the portrait of Sir Cadogan and his fat gray pony. Nobody was very happy about this. Sir Cadogan spent half his time challenging people to duels, and the rest thinking up ridiculously complicated passwords, which he changed at least twice a day.
　　"He's a complete lunatic," said Seamus Finnigan angrily to Miguel. "Can't we get anyone else?"
　　"None of the other pictures wanted the job," said Miguel. "Frightened of what happened to the Fat Lady. Sir Cadogan was the only one brave enough to volunteer."
　　Sir Cadogan, however, was the least of Roberto's worries. He was now being closely watched. Teachers found excuses to walk along corridors with him, and Miguel Lopez (acting, Roberto suspected, on his mother's orders) was tailing him everywhere like an extremely pompous guard dog. To cap it all, Professor Romero summoned Roberto into her office, with such a somber expression on her face Roberto thought someone must have died.
　　"There's no point hiding it from you any longer, Gonzales," she said in a very serious voice. "I know this will come as a shock to you, but Gustavo Martinez --"
　　"I know he's after me," said Roberto wearily. "I heard Diego's dad telling his mum. Mr. Lopez works for the Ministry of Magic."
　　Professor Romero seemed very taken aback. She stared at Roberto for a moment or two, then said, "I see! Well, in that case, Gonzales, you'll understand why I don't think it's a good idea for you to be practicing Quidditch in the evenings. Out on the field with only Your team members, it's very exposed, Gonzales --"
　　"We've got our first match on Saturday!" said Roberto, outraged. "I've got to train, Professor!"
　　Professor Romero considered him intently. Roberto knew she was deeply interested in the Gryffindor team's prospects; it had been she, after all, who'd suggested him as Seeker in the first Place. He waited, holding his breath.
　　"Hmm..." Professor Romero stood up and stared out of the window at the Quidditch field, just visible through the rain. "Well... goodness knows, I'd like to see us win the Cup at last... but all the same, Gonzales... I'd be happier if a teacher were present. I'll ask Madam Hooch to oversee your training sessions."
　　The weather worsened steadily as the first Quidditch match drew nearer. Undaunted, the Gryffindor team was training harder than ever under the eye of Madam Hooch. Then, at their final training session before Saturday's match, Oliver Wood gave his team some unwelcome news.
　　"We're not playing Slytherin!" he told them, looking very angry. "Flint's just been to see me. We're playing Hufflepuff instead."
　　"Why?" chorused the rest of the team.
　　"Flint's excuse is that their Seeker's arm's still injured," said Wood, grinding his teeth furiously. "But it's obvious why they're doing it. Don't want to play in this weather. Think it'll damage their chances...."
　　There had been strong winds and heavy rain all day, and as Wood spoke, they heard a distant rumble of thunder.
　　"There's nothing wrong with Sosa's arm!" said Roberto furiously. "He's faking it!"
　　"I know that, but we can't prove it," said Wood bitterly, "And we've been practicing all those moves assuming we're playing Slytherin, and instead it's Hufflepuff, and their style's quite different. They've got a new Captain and Seeker, Nicolas Ortega --"
　　Angelina, Alicia, and Katie suddenly giggled.
　　"What?" said Wood, frowning at this lighthearted behavior.
　　"He's that tall, good-looking one, isn't he?" said Angelina.
　　"Strong and silent," said Katie, and they started to giggle again.
　　"He's only silent because he's too thick to string two words together," said Pablo impatiently. "I don't know why you're worried, Oliver, Hufflepuff is a pushover. Last time we played them, Roberto caught the Snitch in about five minutes, remember?"
　　"We were playing in completely different conditions!" Wood shouted, his eyes bulging slightly. "Ortega's put a very strong side together! He's an excellent Seeker! I was afraid you'd take it like this! We mustn't relax! We must keep our focus! Slytherin is trying to wrong-foot us! We must win!"
　　"Oliver, calm down!" said Pablo, looking slightly alarmed. "We're taking Hufflepuff very seriously. Seriously."
　　The day before the match, the winds reached howling point and the rain fell harder than ever. It was so dark inside the corridors and classrooms that extra torches and lanterns were lit. The Slytherin team was looking very smug indeed, and none more so than Sosa.
　　"Ah, if only my arm was feeling a bit better!" he sighed as the gale outside pounded the windows.
　　Roberto had no room in his head to worry about anything except the match tomorrow. Oliver Wood kept hurrying up to him between classes and giving him tips. The third time this happened, Wood talked for so long that Roberto suddenly realized he was ten minutes late for Defense Against the Dark Arts, and set off at a run with Wood shouting after him, "Ortega's got a very fast swerve, Roberto, so you might want to try looping him --"
　　Roberto skidded to a halt outside the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, pulled the door open, and dashed inside.
　　"Sorry I'm late, Professor Cardozo. I --"
　　But it wasn't Professor Cardozo who looked up at him from the teacher's desk; it was Peralta.
　　"This lesson began ten minutes ago, Gonzales, so I think we'll make it ten points from Gryffindor. Sit down."
　　But Roberto didn't move.
　　"Where's Professor Cardozo?" he said.
　　"He says he is feeling too ill to teach today," said Peralta with a twisted smile. "I believe I told you to sit down?"
　　But Roberto stayed where he was.
　　"What's wrong with him?"
　　Peralta's black eyes glittered.
　　"Nothing life-threatening," he said, looking as though he wished it were. "Five more points from Gryffindor, and if I have to ask you to sit down again, it will be fifty."
　　Roberto walked slowly to his seat and sat down. Peralta looked around at the class.
　　"As I was saying before Gonzales interrupted, Professor Cardozo has not left any record of the topics you have covered so far --"
　　"Please, sir, we've done boggarts, Red Caps, kappas, and grindylows," said Carolina quickly, "and we're just about to start --"
　　"Be quiet," said Peralta coldly. "I did not ask for information. I was merely commenting on Professor Cardozo's lack of organization."
　　"He's the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we've ever had," said Dean Thomas boldly, and there was a murmur of agreement from the rest of the class. Peralta looked more menacing than ever.
　　"You are easily satisfied. Cardozo is hardly overtaxing you -- I ,Would expect first years to be able to deal with Red Caps and grindylows. Today we shall discuss --"
　　Roberto watched him flick through the textbook, to the very back chapter, which he must know they hadn't covered.
　　"Werewolves," said Peralta.
　　"But, sir," said Carolina, seemingly unable to restrain herself, "we're not supposed to do werewolves yet, we're due to start hinkypunks --"
　　"Miss Fernandez," said Peralta in a voice of deadly calm, "I was under the impression that I am teaching this lesson, not you. And I am telling you all to turn to page 394." He glanced around again. 'All of you! Now!"
　　With many bitter sidelong looks and some sullen muttering, the class opened their books.
　　"Which of you can tell me how we distinguish between the werewolf and the true wolf?" said Peralta.
　　Everyone sat in motionless silence; everyone except Carolina, whose hand, as it so often did, had shot straight into the air.
　　"Anyone?" Peralta said, ignoring Carolina. His twisted smile was back. "Are you telling me that Professor Cardozo hasn't even taught you the basic distinction between --"
　　"We told you," said Parvati suddenly, "we haven't got as far as werewolves yet, we're still on --"
　　"Silence!" snarled Peralta. "Well, well, well, I never thought I'd meet a third-year class who wouldn't even recognize a werewolf when they saw one. I shall make a point of informing Professor Dominguez how very behind you all are...."
　　"Please, sir," said Carolina, whose hand was still in the air, "the werewolf differs from the true wolf in several small ways. The snout of the werewolf --"
　　"That is the second time you have spoken out of turn, Miss Fernandez," said Peralta coolly. "Five more points from Gryffindor for being an insufferable know-it-all."
　　Carolina went very red, put down her hand, and stared at the floor with her eyes full of tears. It was a mark of how much the class loathed Peralta that they were all glaring at him, because every one of them had called Carolina a know-it-all at least once, and Diego, who told Carolina she was a know-it-all at least twice a week, said loudly, "You asked us a question and she knows the answer! Why ask if you don't want to be told?"
　　The class knew instantly he'd gone too far. Peralta advanced on Diego slowly, and the room held its breath.
　　"Detention, Lopez," Peralta said silkily, his face very close to Diego's. "And if I ever hear you criticize the way I teach a class again, you will be very sorry indeed."
　　No one made a sound throughout the rest of the lesson. They sat and made notes on werewolves from the textbook, while Peralta prowled up and down the rows of desks, examining the work they had been doing with Professor Cardozo.
　　"Very poorly explained... That is incorrect, the kappa is more commonly found in Mongolia.... Professor Cardozo gave this eight out of ten? I wouldn't have given it three...."
　　When the bell rang at last, Peralta held them back.
　　"You will each write an essay, to be handed in to me, on the ways you recognize and kill werewolves. I want two rolls of parchment or, the subject, and I want them by Monday morning. It is time somebody took this class in hand. Lopez, stay behind, we need to arrange your detention."
　　Roberto and Carolina left the room with the rest of the class, who waited until they were well out of earshot, then burst into a furious tirade about Peralta.
　　"Peralta's never been like this with any of our other Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, even if he did want the job," Roberto said to Carolina. "Why's he got it in for Cardozo? D'you think this is all because of the boggart?"
　　"I don't know," said Carolina pensively. "But I really hope Professor Cardozo gets better soon...."
　　Diego caught up with them five minutes later, in a towering rage.
　　"D'you know what that --" (he called Peralta something that made Carolina say "Diego!") "-- is making me do? I've got to scrub out the bedpans in the hospital wing. Without magic!" He was breathing deeply, his fists clenched. "Why couldn't Martinez have hidden in Peralta's office, eh? He could have finished him off for us!"
　　Roberto woke extremely early the next morning; so early that it was till dark. For a moment he thought the roaring of the wind had woken him. Then he felt a cold breeze on the back of his neck and sat bolt upright -- Peeves the Poltergeist had been floating next to him, blowing hard in his ear.
　　"What did you do that for?" said Roberto furiously. Peeves puffed out his cheeks, blew hard, and zoomed backward out of the room, cackling.
　　Roberto fumbled for his alarm clock and looked at it. It was half past four. Cursing Peeves, he rolled over and tried to get back to sleep, but it was very difficult, now that he was awake, to ignore the sounds of the thunder rumbling overhead, the pounding of the wind against the castle walls, and the distant creaking of the trees in the Forbidden Forest. In a few hours he would be out on the Quidditch field, battling through that gale. Finally, he gave up any thought of more sleep, got up, dressed, picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand, and walked quietly out of the dormitory.
　　As Roberto opened the door, something brushed against his leg. He bent down just in time to grab Crookshanks by the end of his bushy tail and drag him outside.
　　"You know, I reckon Diego was right about you," Roberto told Crookshanks suspiciously. "There are plenty of mice around this place -- go and chase them. Go on," he added, nudging Crookshanks down the spiral staircase with his foot. "Leave Scabbers alone."
　　The noise of the storm was even louder in the common roorn. Roberto knew better than to think the match would be canceled; Quidditch matches weren't called off for trifles like thunderstorms. Nevertheless, he was starting to feel very apprehensive. Wood had pointed out Nicolas Ortega to him in the corridor; Ortega was a fifth year and a lot bigger than Roberto. Seekers were usually light
　　and speedy, but Ortega's weight would be an advantage in this weather because he was less likely to be blown off course.
　　Roberto whiled away the hours until dawn in front of the fire, getting up every now and then to stop Crookshanks from sneaking up
　　the boys, staircase again. At long last Roberto thought it must be time for breakfast, so he headed through the portrait hole alone.
　　"Stand and fight, you mangy cur!" yelled Sir Cadogan.
　　"Oh, shut up," Roberto yawned.
　　He revived a bit over a large bowl of porridge, and by the time he'd started on toast, the rest of the team had turned up.
　　"It's going to be a tough one," said Wood, who wasn't eating anything.
　　"Stop worrying, Oliver," said Alicia soothingly, "we don't mind a bit of rain."
　　But it was considerably more than a bit of rain. Such was the popularity of Quidditch that the whole school turned out to watch the match as usual, but they ran down the lawns toward the Quidditch field, heads bowed against the ferocious wind, umbrellas being whipped out of their hands as they went. just before he entered the locker room, Roberto saw Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle, laughing and pointing at him from under an enormous umbrella on their way to the stadium.
　　The team changed into their scarlet robes and waited for Wood's usual pre-match pep talk, but it didn't come. He tried to speak several times, made an odd gulping noise, then shook his head hopelessly and beckoned them to follow him.
　　The wind was so strong that they staggered sideways as they walked out onto the field. If the crowd was cheering, they couldn't hear it over the fresh rolls of thunder. Rain was splattering over Roberto's glasses. How on earth was he going to see the Snitch in this?
　　The Hufflepuffs were approaching from the opposite side of the field, wearing canary-yellow robes. The Captains walked up to eacb other and shook hands; Ortega smiled at Wood but Wood no, looked as though he had lockjaw and merely nodded. Roberto saw Madam Hooch's mouth form the words, "Mount Your brooms.,, He pulled his right foot out of the mud with a squelch and swung it over his Nimbus Two Thousand. Madam Hooch put her whistle to her lips and gave it a blast that sounded shrill and distant they were off
　　Roberto rose fast, but his Nimbus was swerving slightly with the wind. He held it as steady as he could and turned, squinting into the rain.
　　Within five minutes Roberto was soaked to his skin and frozen, hardly able to see his teammates, let alone the tiny Snitch. He flew backward and forward across the field past blurred red and yellow shapes, with no idea of what was happening in the rest of the game. He couldn't hear the commentary over the wind. The crowd was hidden beneath a sea of cloaks and battered umbrellas. Twice Roberto came very close to being unseated by a Bludger; his vision was so clouded by the rain on his glasses he hadn't seen them coming.
　　He lost track of time. It was getting harder and harder to hold his broom straight. The sky was getting darker, as though night had decided to come early. Twice Roberto nearly hit another player, without knowing whether it was a teammate or opponent; everyone was now so wet, and the rain so thick, he could hardly tell them apart....
　　With the first flash of lightning came the sound of Madam Hooch's whistle; Roberto could just see the outline of Wood through the thick rain, gesturing him to the ground. The whole team splashed down into the mud.
　　"I called for time-out!" Wood roared at his team. "Come on, under here --"
　　They huddled at the edge of the field under a large umbrella; Roberto took off his glasses and wiped them hurriedly on his robes.
　　"What's the score?"
　　"We're fifty points up," said Wood, "but unless we get the Snitch soon, we'll be playing into the night."
　　"I've got no chance with these on," Roberto said exasperatedly, waving his glasses.
　　At that very moment, Carolina appeared at his shoulder; she was holding her cloak over her head and was, inexplicably, beaming.
　　"I've had an idea, Roberto! Give me your glasses, quick!"
　　He handed them to her, and as the team watched in amazement, Carolina tapped them with her wand and said, "Impervius!"
　　"There!" she said, handing them back to Roberto. "They'll repel water!"
　　Wood looked as though he could have kissed her.
　　"Brilliant!" he called hoarsely after her as she disappeared into the crowd. "Okay, team, let's go for it!"
　　Carolina's spell had done the trick. Roberto was still numb with cold, still wetter than he'd ever been in his life, but he could see. Full of fresh determination, he urged his broom through the turbulent air, staring in every direction for the Snitch, avoiding a Bludger, ducking beneath Ortega, who was streaking in the opposite direction....
　　There was another clap of thunder, followed immediately by forked lightning. This was getting more and more dangerous. Roberto needed to get the Snitch quickly -
　　He turned, intending to head back toward the middle of the field, but at that moment, another flash of lightning illuminated the stands, and Roberto saw something that distracted him completely , the silhouette of an enormous shaggy black dog, clearly imprinted against the sky, motionless in the topmost, empty row of seats.
　　Roberto's numb hands slipped on the broom handle and his Nimbus dropped a few feet. Shaking his sodden bangs out of his eyes, he squinted back into the stands. The dog had vanished.
　　"Roberto!" came Wood's anguished yell from the Gryffindor goal posts. "Roberto, behind you!"
　　Roberto looked wildly around. Nicolas Ortega was pelting up the field, and a tiny speck of gold was shimmering in the rain-filled air between them -
　　With a jolt of panic, Roberto threw himself flat to the broornhandle and zoomed toward the Snitch.
　　"Come on!" he growled at his Nimbus as the rain whipped his face. 'Taster!"
　　But something odd was happening. An eerie silence was falling across the stadium. The wind, though as strong as ever, was forgetting to roar. It was as though someone had turned off the sound, as though Roberto had gone suddenly deaf -- what was going on?
　　And then a horribly familiar wave of cold swept over him, inside him, just as he became aware of something moving on the field below...
　　Before he'd had time to think, Roberto had taken his eyes off the Snitch and looked down.
　　At least a hundred dementors, their hidden faces pointing up at him, were standing beneath him. It was as though freezing water were rising in his chest, cutting at his insides. And then he heard it again.... Someone was screaming, screaming inside his head... a woman...
　　"Not Roberto, not Roberto, please not Roberto!"
　　"Stand aside, you silly girl... stand aside, now...."
　　"Not Roberto, please no, take me, kill me instead --"
　　Numbing, swirling white mist was filling Roberto's brain.... What was he doing? Why was he flying? He needed to help her... She was going to die.... She was going to be murdered....
　　He was falling, falling through the icy mist.
　　"Not Roberto! Please... have mercy... have mercy....
　　A shrill voice was laughing, the woman was screaming, and Roberto knew no more.
　　"Lucky the ground was so soft."
　　"I thought he was dead for sure."
　　"But he didn't even break his glasses."
　　Roberto could hear the voices whispering, but they made no sense whatsoever. He didn't have a clue where he was, or how he'd got there, or what he'd been doing before he got there. All he knew was that every inch of him was aching as though it had been beaten.
　　"That was the scariest thing I've ever seen in my life."
　　Scariest... the scariest thing... hooded black figures... cold ... screaming...
　　Roberto's eyes snapped open. He was lying in the hospital wing. The Gryffindor Quidditch team, spattered with mud from head to foot, was gathered around his bed. Diego and Carolina were also there, looking as though they'd just climbed out of a swimming pool.
　　"Roberto!" said Pablo, who looked extremely white underneath, the mud. "How're you feeling?"
　　It was as though Roberto's memory was on fast forward. The lightning -- the Grim -- the Snitch -- and the dementors...
　　"What happened?" he said, sitting up so suddenly they all gasped.
　　"You fell off," said Pablo. "Must've been -- what -- fifty feet?"
　　"We thought you'd died," said Alicia, who was shaking.
　　Carolina made a small, squeaky noise. Her eyes were extremely bloodshot.
　　"But the match," said Roberto. "What happened? Are we doing a replay?"
　　No one said anything. The horrible truth sank into Roberto like a stone.
　　"We didn't -- lose?"
　　"Ortega got the Snitch," said Luis. "Just after you fell. He didn't realize what had happened. When he looked back and saw you on the ground, he tried to call it off. Wanted a rematch. But they won fair and square... even Wood admits it."
　　"Where is Wood?" said Roberto, suddenly realizing he wasn't there.
　　"Still in the showers," said Pablo. "We think he's trying to drown himself."
　　Roberto put his face to his knees, his hands gripping his hair. Pablo grabbed his shoulder and shook it roughly.
　　"C'mon, Roberto, you've never missed the Snitch before."
　　"There had to be one time you didn't get it," said Luis.
　　"It's not over yet," said Pablo. "We lost by a hundred points"
　　"Right? So if Hufflepuff loses to Ravenclaw and we beat Ravenclaw and Slytherin --."
　　"Hufflepuff'll have to lose by at least two hundred points," said Luis.
　　"But if they beat Ravenclaw..."
　　"No Way, Ravenclaw is too good. But if Slytherin loses against Hufflepuff..."
　　"It all depends on the points -- a margin of a hundred either way."
　　Roberto lay there, not saying a word. They had lost... for the first time ever, he had lost a Quidditch match.
　　After ten minutes or so, Madam Pomfrey came over to tell the team to leave him in peace.
　　"We'll come and see you later," Pablo told him. "Don't beat yourself up, Roberto, you're still the best Seeker we've ever had."
　　The team trooped out, trailing mud behind them. Madam Pomfrey shut the door behind them, looking disapproving. Diego and Carolina moved nearer to Roberto's bed.
　　"Dominguez was really angry," Carolina said in a quaking voice. "I've never seen him like that before. He ran onto the field as You fell, waved his wand, and you sort of slowed down before you hit the ground. Then he whirled his wand at the dementors. Shot silver stuff at them. They left the stadium right away... He was furious they'd come onto the grounds. We heard him --"
　　"Then he magicked you onto a stretcher," said Diego. "And walked up to school with you floating on it. Everyone thought you were --"
　　His voice faded, but Roberto hardly noticed. He was thinking about what the dementors had done to him... about the screaming voice. He looked up and saw Diego and Carolina lookin, at him so anxiously that he quickly cast around for something matter-of-fact to say.
　　"Did someone get my Nimbus?"
　　Diego and Carolina looked quickly at each other.
　　"Er --"
　　"What?" said Roberto, looking from one to the other.
　　"Well... when you fell off, it got blown away," said Carolina hesitantly.
　　"And?"
　　"And it hit -- it hit -- oh, Roberto -- it hit the Whomping Willow."
　　Roberto's insides lurched. The Whomping Willow was a very violent tree that stood alone in the middle of the grounds.
　　"And?" he said, dreading the answer.
　　"Well, you know the Whomping Willow," said Diego. "It -- it doesn't like being hit."
　　"Professor Flitwick brought it back just before you came around, said Carolina in a very small voice.
　　Slowly, she reached down for a bag at her feet, turned it upside down, and tipped a dozen bits of splintered wood and twig onto the bed, the only remains of Roberto's faithful, finally beaten broomstick.
　　CHAPTER TEN
　　THE MARAUDER'S MAP
　　Madam Pomfrey insisted on keeping Roberto in the hospital wing for the rest of the weekend. He didn't argue or complain, but he wouldn't let her throw away the shattered remnants of his Nimbus Two Thousand. He knew he was being stupid, knew that the Nimbus was beyond repair, but Roberto couldn't help it; he felt as though he'd lost one of his best friends.
　　He had a stream of visitors, all intent on cheering him up. Villalba sent him a bunch of earwiggy flowers that looked like yellow cabbages, and Martina Lopez, blushing furiously, turned up with a get-well card she had made herself, which sang shrilly unless Roberto kept it shut under his bowl of fruit. The Gryffindor team visited again on Sunday morning, this time accompanied by Wood, who told Roberto (in a hollow, dead sort of voice) that he didn't blame
　　him in the slightest. Diego and Carolina left Roberto's bedside only at night- But nothing anyone said or did could make Roberto feel any better, because they knew only half of what was troubling him.
　　He hadn't told anyone about the Grim, not even Diego -and Carolina, because he knew Diego would panic and Carolina would scoff. The fact remained, however, that it had now appeared twice, and both appearances had been followed by near-fatal accidents; the first time, he had nearly been run over by the Knight Bus; the second, fallen fifty feet from his broomstick. Was the Grim going to haunt him until he actually died? Was he going to spend the rest of his life looking over his shoulder for the beast?
　　And then there were the dementors. Roberto felt sick and humiliated every time he thought of them. Everyone said the dementors were horrible, but no one else collapsed every time they went near one. No one else heard echoes in their head of their dying parents.
　　Because Roberto knew who that screaming voice belonged to now. He had heard her words, heard them over and over again during the night hours in the hospital wing while he lay awake, staring at the strips of moonlight on the ceiling. When the dementors approached him, he heard the last moments of his mother's life, her attempts to protect him, Roberto, from Lord Salvador, and Salvador's laughter before he murdered her.... Roberto dozed fitfully, sinking into dreams full of clammy, rotted hands and petrified pleading, jerking awake to dwell again on his mother's voice.
　　It was a relief to return to the noise and bustle of the main school on Monday, where he was forced to think about other things, eve', if he had to endure Javier Sosas taunting. Sosa was almost beside himself with glee at Gryffindor's defeat. He had finally taken off his bandages, and celebrated having the full use of both arms again by doing spirited imitations of Roberto falling off his broom. Sosa spent much of their next Potions class doing dementor imitations across the dungeon; Diego finally cracked and flung a large, slippery crocodile heart at Sosa, which hit him in the face and caused Peralta to take fifty points from Gryffindor.
　　"If Peralta's teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts again, I'm skiving off," said Diego as they headed toward Cardozo's classroom after lunch. "Check who's in there, Carolina."
　　Carolina peered around the classroom door.
　　"It's okay!"
　　Professor Cardozo was back at work. It certainly looked as though he had been ill. His old robes were hanging more loosely on him and there were dark shadows beneath his eyes; nevertheless, he smiled at the class as they took their seats, and they burst at once into an explosion of complaints about Peralta's behavior while Cardozo had been ill.
　　"It's not fair, he was only filling in, why should he give us homework?"
　　"We don't know anything about werewolves two rolls of parchment!"
　　"Did you tell Professor Peralta we haven't covered them yet?" Cardozo asked, frowning slightly.
　　The babble broke out again.
　　"Yes, but he said we were really behind he wouldn't listen --"
　　"-- two rolls of parchment!"
　　Professor Cardozo smiled at the look of indignation on every face.
　　"Don't worry. I'll speak to Professor Peralta. You don't have to do the essay."
　　"Oh no," said Carolina, looking very disappointed. "I've already finished it!"
　　They had a very enjoyable lesson. Professor Cardozo had brought along a glass box containing a hinkypunk, a little one-legged creature who looked as though he were made of wisps of smoke, rather frail and harmless looking.
　　"Lures travelers into bogs," said Professor Cardozo as they took notes. "You notice the lantern dangling from his hand? Hops ahead -people follow the light -- then --"
　　The hinkypunk made a horrible squelching noise against the glass.
　　When the bell rang, everyone gathered up their things and headed for the door, Roberto among them, but --
　　"Wait a moment, Roberto," Cardozo called. "I'd like a word."
　　Roberto doubled back and watched Professor Cardozo covering the hinkypunk's box with a cloth.
　　"I heard about the match," said Cardozo, turning back to his desk and starting to pile books into his briefcase, "and I'm sorry about your broomstick. Is there any chance of fixing it?"
　　"No," said Roberto. "The tree smashed it to bits."
　　Cardozo sighed.
　　"They planted the Whomping Willow the same year that I arrived at Hogwarts. People used to play a game, trying to get near enough to touch the trunk. In the end, a boy called Davey Gudgeon nearly lost an eye, and we were forbidden to go near it. No broomstick would have a chance."
　　"Did you hear about the dementors too?" said Roberto with difficulty.
　　Cardozo looked at him quickly.
　　"Yes, I did. I don't think any of us have seen Professor Dominguez that angry. They have been growing restless for some time -- furious at his refusal to let them inside the grounds.... I suppose they were the reason you fell?"
　　"Yes," said Roberto. He hesitated, and then the question he had to ask burst from him before he could stop himself." Why? Why do they affect me like that? Am I just --?"
　　"It has nothing to do with weakness," said Professor Cardozo sharply, as though he had read Roberto's mind. "The dementors affect you worse than the others because there are horrors in your past that the others don't have."
　　A ray of wintery sunlight fell across the classroom, illuminating Cardozo's gray hairs and the lines on his young face.
　　"Dementors are among the foulest creatures that walk this earth. They infest the darkest, filthiest places, they glory in decay and despair, they drain peace, hope, and happiness out of the air around them. Even Muggles feel their presence, though they can't see them. Get too near a dementor and every good feeling, every happy memory will be sucked out of you. If it can, the dementor will feed on you long enough to reduce you to something like itself... soul-less and evil. You'll be left with nothing but the worst experiences of your life. And the worst that happened to you, Roberto, is enough to make anyone fall off their broom. You have nothing to feel ashamed of."
　　"When they get near me --" Roberto stared at Cardozo's desk, his throat tight. "I can hear Salvador murdering my mum."
　　Cardozo made a sudden motion with his arm as though to grip Roberto's shoulder, but thought better of it. There was a moment's Silence, then --
　　"Why did they have to come to the match?" said Roberto bitterly.
　　"They're getting hungry," said Cardozo coolly, shutting his briefcase with a snap. "Dominguez won't let them into the school, so their supply of human prey has dried up.... I don't think they could resist the large crowd around the Quidditch field. All that excitement ... emotions running high... it was their idea of a feast."
　　"Azkaban must be terrible," Roberto muttered. Cardozo nodded grimly.
　　"The fortress is set on a tiny island, way out to sea, but they don't need walls and water to keep the prisoners in, not when they're all trapped inside their own heads, incapable of a single cheery thought. Most of them go mad within weeks."
　　"But Gustavo Martinez escaped from them," Roberto said slowly. "He got away..."
　　Cardozo's briefcase slipped from the desk; he had to stoop quickly to catch it.
　　"Yes," he said, straightening up, "Martinez must have found a way to fight them. I wouldn't have believed it possible.... Dementors are supposed to drain a wizard of his powers if he is left with them too long...."
　　"You made that dementor on the train back off," said Roberto suddenly.
　　"There are -- certain defenses one can use," said Cardozo. "But there was only one dementor on the train. The more there are, the more difficult it becomes to resist."
　　"What defenses?" said Roberto at once. "Can you teach me?"
　　"I don't pretend to be an expert at fighting dementors, Roberto, quite the contrary..."
　　"But if the dementors come to another Quidditch match, I need to be able to fight them --"
　　Cardozo looked into Roberto's determined face, hesitated, then said, "Well... all right. I'll try and help. But it'll have to wait until next term, I'm afraid. I have a lot to do before the holidays. I chose a very inconvenient time to fall ill."
　　What with the promise of anti-dementor lessons from Cardozo, the thought that he might never have to hear his mother's death again, and the fact that Ravenclaw flattened Hufflepuff in their Quidditch match at the end of November, Roberto's mood took a definite upturn. Gryffindor were not out of the running after all, although they could not afford to lose another match. Wood became repossessed of his manic energy, and worked his team as hard as ever in the chilly haze of rain that persisted into December. Roberto saw no hint of a dementor within the grounds. Dominguez's anger seemed to be keeping them at their stations at the entrances.
　　Two weeks before the end of the term, the sky lightened suddenly to a dazzling, opaline white and the muddy grounds were revealed one morning covered in glittering frost. Inside the castle, there was a buzz of Christmas in the air. Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, had already decorated his classroom with shimmering lights that turned out to be real, fluttering fairies. The students were all happily discussing their plans for the holidays. Both Diego and Carolina had decided to remain at Hogwarts, and though Diego said it was because he couldn't stand two weeks with Miguel, and Carolina insisted she needed to use the library, Roberto wasn't fooled; they were doing it to keep him company, and he was very grateful.
　　To everyone's delight except Roberto's, there was to be another Hogsmeade trip on the very last weekend of the term.
　　"We can do all our Christmas shopping there!" said Carolina. "Mum and Dad would really love those Toothflossing Stringmints from Honeydukes!"
　　Resigned to the fact that he would be the only third year staying behind again, Roberto borrowed a copy of Which Broomstick from Wood, and decided to spend the day reading up on the different makes. He had been riding one of the school brooms at team practice, an ancient Shooting Star, which was very slow and jerky; he definitely needed a new broom of his own.
　　On the Saturday morning of the Hogsmeade trip, Roberto bid good-bye to Diego and Carolina, who were wrapped in cloaks and scarves, then turned up the marble staircase alone, and headed back toward Gryffindor Tower. Snow had started to fall outside the windows, and the castle was very still and quiet.
　　"Psst -- Roberto!"
　　He turned, halfway along the third-floor corridor, to see Pablo and Luis peering out at him from behind a statue of a humpbacked, one-eyed witch.
　　"What are you doing?" said Roberto curiously. "How come you're not going to Hogsmeade?"
　　"We've come to give you a bit of festive cheer before we go," said Pablo, with a mysterious wink. "Come in here...."
　　He nodded toward an empty classroom to the left of the one-eyed statue. Roberto followed Pablo and Luis inside. Luis closed the door quietly and then turned, beaming, to look at Roberto.
　　"Early Christmas present for you, Roberto," he said.
　　Pablo pulled something from inside his cloak with a flourish and laid it on one of the desks. It was a large, square, very worn piece of parchment with nothing written on it. Roberto, suspecting one of Pablo and Luis's jokes, stared at it.
　　"What's that supposed to be?"
　　"This, Roberto, is the secret of our success," said Luis, patting the parchment fondly.
　　"It's a wrench, giving it to you," said Pablo, "but we decided last night, your need's greater than ours."
　　"Anyway, we know it by heart," said Luis. "We bequeath it to you. We don't really need it anymore."
　　"And what do I need with a bit of old parchment?" said Roberto.
　　"A bit of old parchment!" said Pablo, closing his eyes with a grimace as though Roberto had mortally offended him. "Explain, Luis."
　　"Well... when we were in our first year, Roberto -- young, carefree, and innocent --"
　　Roberto snorted. He doubted whether Pablo and Luis had ever been innocent.
　　"Well, more innocent than we are now -- we got into a spot of bother with Filch."
　　"We let off a Dungbomb in the corridor and it upset him for some reason --"
　　"So he hauled us off to his office and started threatening us with the usual --" detention disembowelment and we couldn't help noticing a drawer in one of his filing cabinets marked Confiscated and Highly Dangerous.
　　"Don't tell me --" said Roberto, starting to grin.
　　"Well, what would you've done?" said Pablo. "Luis caused a diversion by dropping another Dungbomb, I whipped the drawer open, and grabbed -- this."
　　"It's not as bad as it sounds, you know," said Luis. "We don't reckon Filch ever found out how to work it. He probably suspected what it was, though, or he wouldn't have confiscated it."
　　"And you know how to work it?"
　　"Oh yes," said Pablo, smirking. "This little beauty's taught us more than all the teachers in this school."
　　"You're winding me up," said Roberto, looking at the ragged old bit of parchment.
　　"Oh, are we?" said Luis.
　　He took out his wand, touched the parchment lightly, and said, "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good."
　　And at once, thin ink lines began to spread like a spider's web from the point that Luis's wand had touched. They joined each other, they crisscrossed, they fanned into every corner of the parchment; then words began to blossom across the top, great, curly green words, that proclaimed:
　　Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs
　　Purveyors of Aids to Magical Mischief-Makers are proud to present THE MARAUDER'S MAP
　　It was a map showing every detail of the Hogwarts castle and grounds. But the truly remarkable thing were the tiny ink dots moving around it, each labeled with a name in minuscule writing. Astounded, Roberto bent over it. A labeled dot in the top left corner showed that Professor Dominguez was pacing his study; the caretaker's cat, Mrs. Norris, was prowling the second floor; and Peeves the Poltergeist was currently bouncing around the trophy room. And as Roberto's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors, he noticed something else.
　　This map showed a set of passages he had never entered. And many of them seemed to lead -
　　"Right into Hogsmeade," said Pablo, tracing one of them with his finger. "There are seven in all. Now, Filch knows about these four" -- he pointed them out -- "but we're sure we're the only ones who know about these. Don't bother with the one behind the mirror on the fourth floor. We used it until last winter, but it's caved in -- completely blocked. And we don't reckon anyone's ever used this one, because the Whomping Willow's planted right over the entrance. But this one here, this one leads right into the cellar of Honeydukes. We've used it loads of times. And as you might've noticed, the entrance is right outside this room, through that one-eyed old crone's hump."
　　"Moony, Wormtaill Padfoot, and Prongs," sighed Luis, patting the heading of the map. "We owe them so much."
　　"Noble men, working tirelessly to help a new generation of lawbreakers," said Pablo solemnly.
　　"Right," said Luis briskly. "Don't forget to wipe it after you've used it or anyone can read it," Pablo said warningly.
　　"Just tap it again and say, 'Mischief managed!' And it'll go blank."
　　"So, young Roberto," said Pablo, in an uncanny impersonation of Miguel, "mind you behave yourself."
　　"See you in Honeydukes," said Luis, winking.
　　They left the room, both smirking in a satisfied sort of way.
　　Roberto stood there, gazing at the miraculous map. He watched the tiny ink Mrs. Norris turn left and pause to sniff at something on the floor. If Filch really didn't know... he wouldn't have to pass the dementors at all....
　　But even as he stood there, flooded with excitement, something Roberto had once heard Mr. Lopez say came floating out of his memory.
　　Never trust anything that can think for itself, if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
　　This map was one of those dangerous magical objects Mr. Lopez had been warning against.... Aids for Magical Mischief Makers... but then, Roberto reasoned, he only wanted to use it to get into Hogsmeade, it wasn't as though he wanted to steal anything or attack anyone... and Pablo and Luis had been using it for years without anything horrible happening....
　　Roberto traced the secret passage to Honeydukes with his finger.
　　Then, quite suddenly, as though following orders, he rolled up the map, stuffed it inside his robes, and hurried to the door of the classroom. He opened it a couple of inches. There was no one outside. Very carefully, he edged out of the room and behind the statue of the one-eyed witch.
　　What did he have to do? He pulled out the map again and saw to his astonishment, that a new ink figure had appeared upon it, labeled Roberto Gonzales. This figure was standing exactly where the real Roberto was standing, about halfway down the third-floor corridor.
　　Roberto watched carefully. His little Ink self appeared to be tapping the witch with his minute wand. Roberto quickly took out his real wand and tapped the statue. Nothing happened. He looked back at the map. The tiniest speech bubble had appeared next to his figure. The word inside said, "Dissendium."
　　"Dissendium!" Roberto whispered, tapping the stone witch again.
　　At once, the statue's hump opened wide enough to admit a fairly thin person. Roberto glanced quickly up and down the corridor, then tucked the map away again, hoisted himself into the hole headfirst, and pushed himself forward.
　　He slid a considerable way down what felt like a stone slide, then landed on cold, damp earth. He stood up, looking around. It was
　　pitch dark. He held up his wand, muttered, "Lumos! " and saw that he was in a very narrow, low, earthy passageway. He raised the map, tapped it with the tip of his wand, and muttered, "Mischief managed!" The map went blank at once. He folded it carefully, tucked it inside his robes, then, heart beating fast, both excited and apprehensive, he set off.
　　The passage twisted and turned, more like the burrow of a giant rabbit than anything else. Roberto hurried along it, stumbling now and then on the uneven floor, holding his wand out in front of him.
　　It took ages, but Roberto had the thought of Honeydukes to sustain him. After what felt like an hour, the passage began to rise. Panting, Roberto sped up, his face hot, his feet very cold.
　　Ten minutes later, he came to the foot of some worn stone steps, which rose out of sight above him. Careful not to make any noise, Roberto began to climb. A hundred steps, two hundred steps, he lost count as he climbed, watching his feet.... Then, without warning, his head hit something hard.
　　It seemed to be a trapdoor. Roberto stood there, massaging the top of his head, listening. He couldn't hear any sounds above him. Very slowly, he pushed the trapdoor open and peered over the edge.
　　He was in a cellar, which was full of wooden crates and boxes. Roberto climbed out of the trapdoor and replaced it -- it blended so perfectly with the dusty floor that it was impossible to tell it was there. Roberto crept slowly toward the wooden staircase that led upstairs. Now he could definitely hear voices, not to mention the tinkle of a bell and the opening and shutting of a door.
　　Wondering what he ought to do, he suddenly heard a door open much closer at hand; somebody was about to come downstairs.
　　"And get another box of Jelly Slugs, dear, they've nearly cleaned us out --" said a woman's voice.
　　A pair of feet was coming down the staircase. Roberto leapt behind an enormous crate and waited for the footsteps to pass. He heard the man shifting boxes against the opposite wall. He might not get another chance --
　　Quickly and silently, Roberto dodged out from his hiding place and climbed the stairs; looking back, he saw an enormous backside and shiny bald head, buried in a box. Roberto reached the door at the top of the stairs, slipped through it, and found himself behind the counter of Honeydukes -- he ducked, crept sideways, and then straightened up.
　　Honeydukes was so crowded with Hogwarts students that no one looked twice at Roberto. He edged among them, looking around, and suppressed a laugh as he imagined the look that would spread over Leonardo's piggy face if he could see where Roberto was now.
　　There were shelves upon shelves of the most succulent-looking sweets imaginable. Creamy chunks of nougat, shimmering pink squares of coconut ice, fat, honey-colored toffees; hundreds of different kinds of chocolate in neat rows; there was a large barrel of Every Flavor Beans, and another of Fizzing Whizbees, the levitating sherbert balls that Diego had mentioned; along yet another wall were "Special Effects" -- sweets: Droobles Best Blowing Gum (which filled a room with bluebell-colored bubbles that refused to pop for days), the strange, splintery Toothflossing Stringmints, tiny black Pepper Imps ("breathe fire for your friends!"), Ice Mice ("hear your teeth chatter and squeak!"), peppermint creams shaped like toads ("hop realistically in the stomach!"), fragile sugar-spun quills, and exploding bonbons.
　　Roberto squeezed himself through a crowd of sixth years and saw a sign hanging in the farthest corner of the shop (UNUSUAL TASTES). Diego and Carolina were standing underneath it, examining a tray of blood-flavored lollipops. Roberto sneaked up behind them.
　　"Ugh, no, Roberto won't want one of those, they're for vampires, I expect," Carolina was saying.
　　"How about these?" said Diego, shoving a jar of Cockroach Clusters under Carolina's nose.
　　"Definitely not," said Roberto.
　　Diego nearly dropped the jar.
　　"Roberto!" squealed Carolina. "What are you doing here? How -- how did you --?"
　　"Wow!" said Diego, looking very impressed, "you've learned to Apparate!"
　　"'Course I haven't," said Roberto. He dropped his voice so that none of the sixth years could hear him and told them all about the Marauder's Map.
　　"How come Pablo and Luis never gave it to me!" said Diego, outraged. "I'm their brother!"
　　"But Roberto isn't going to keep it!" said Carolina, as though the idea were ludicrous. "He's going to hand it in to Professor Romero, aren't you, Roberto?"
　　"No, I'm not!" said Roberto.
　　"Are you mad?" said Diego, goggling at Carolina. "Hand in something that good?"
　　"If I hand it in, I'll have to say where I got it! Filch would know Pablo and Luis had nicked it!"
　　"But what about Gustavo Martinez?" Carolina hissed. "He could be using one of the passages on that map to get into the castle! The teachers have got to know!"
　　"He can't be getting in through a passage," said Roberto quickly. "There are seven secret tunnels on the map, right? Pablo and Luis reckon Filch already knows about four of them. And of the other three -- one of them's caved in, so no one can get through it. one of them's got the Whomping Willow planted over the entrance, so you can't get out of it. And the one I just came through -well - - it's really hard to see the entrance to it down in the cellar, so unless he knew it was there..."
　　Roberto hesistated. What if Martinez did know the passage was there?
　　Diego, however, cleared his throat significantly, and pointed to a notice pasted on the inside of the sweetshop door.
　　--------BY ORDER OF -------- THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC
　　Customers are reminded that until further notice, dementors will be patrolling the streets of Hogsmeade every night after sundown. This measure has been put in place for the safety of Hogsmeade residents and will be lifted upon the recapture of Gustavo Martinez. It is therefore advisable that you complete your shopping well before nightfall.
　　Merry Christmas!
　　"See?" said Diego quietly. "I'd like to see Martinez try and break into Honeydukes with dementors swarming all over the village. Anyway, Carolina, the Honeydukes owners would hear a break-in, wouldn't they? They live over the shop!"
　　"Yes, but but --" Hermoine seemed to be struggling to find another problem. "Look, Roberto still shouldn't be coming into Hogsmeade. He hasn't got a signed form! If anyone finds out, he'll be in so much trouble! And it's not nightfall yet -- what if Gustavo Martinez turns up today? Now?"
　　"He'd have a job spotting Roberto in this," said Diego, nodding through the mullioned windows at the thick, swirling snow. "Come on, Carolina, it's Christmas. Roberto deserves a break."
　　Carolina bit her lip, looking extremely worried.
　　"Are you going to report me?" Roberto asked her, grinning.
　　"Oh -- of course not -- but honestly, Roberto --"
　　"Seen the Fizzing Whizbees, Roberto?" said Diego, grabbing him and leading him over to their barrel. "And the Jelly Slugs? And the Acid Pops? Pablo gave me one of those when I was seven -- it burnt a hole right through my tongue. I remember Mum walloping him with her broomstick." Diego stared broodingly into the Acid Pop box. "Reckon Pablo'd take a bit of Cockroach Cluster if I told him they were peanuts?"
　　When Diego and Carolina had paid for all their sweets, the three of them left Honeydukes for the blizzard outside.
　　Hogsmeade looked like a Christmas card; the little thatched cottages and shops were all covered in a layer of crisp snow; there were holly wreaths on the doors and strings of enchanted candles hanging in the trees.
　　Roberto shivered; unlike the other two, he didn't have his cloak. They headed up the street, heads bowed against the wind, Diego and Carolina shouting through their scarves.
　　"That's the post office
　　"Zonko's is up there --"
　　"We could go up to the Shrieking Shack
　　"Tell you what," said Diego, his teeth chattering, "shall we go for a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks?"
　　Roberto was more than willing; the wind was fierce and his hands were freezing, so they crossed the road, and in a few minutes were entering the tiny inn.
　　It was extremely crowded, noisy, warm, and smoky. A curvy sort of woman with a pretty face was serving a bunch of rowdy warlock' up at the bar.
　　"That's Madam Rosmerta," said Diego. "I'll get the drinks, shall I?" he added, going slightly red.
　　Roberto and Carolina made their way to the back of the room, ,,her, there was a small, vacant table between the window and a handsome Christmas tree, which stood next to the fireplace. Diego came back five minutes later, carrying three foaming tankards of hot butterbeer.
　　"Merry Christmas!" he said happily, raising his tankard.
　　Roberto drank deeply. It was the most delicious thing he'd ever tasted and seemed to heat every bit of him from the inside.
　　A sudden breeze ruffled his hair. The door of the Three Broomsticks had opened again. Roberto looked over the rim of his tankard and choked.
　　Professors Romero and Flitwick had just entered the pub with a flurry of snowflakes, shortly followed by Villalba, who was deep in conversation with a portly man in a lime-green bowler hat and a pinstriped cloak -- Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic.
　　In an instant, Diego and Carolina had both placed hands on the top of Roberto's head and forced him off his stool and under the table. Dripping with butterbeer and crouching out of sight, Roberto clutched his empty tankard and watched the teachers' and Fudge's feet move toward the bar, pause, then turn and walk right toward him.
　　Somewhere above him, Carolina whispered, Mobiliarbus!"
　　The Christmas tree beside their table rose a few inches off the ground, drifted sideways, and landed with a soft thump right in front of their table, hiding them from view. Staring through the dense lower branches, Roberto saw four sets of chair legs move back from the table right beside theirs, then heard the grunts and sighs If the teachers and minister as they sat down.
　　Next he saw another pair of feet, wearing sparkly turquoise high heels, and heard a woman's voice. "A small gillywater --"
　　"Mine," said Professor Romero's voice.
　　"Four pints of mulled mead --"
　　"Ta, Rosmerta," said Villalba.
　　"A cherry syrup and soda with ice and umbrella --"
　　"Mmm!" said Professor Flitwick, smacking his lips.
　　"So you'll be the red currant rum, Minister."
　　"Thank you, Rosmerta, m'dear," said Fudge's voice. "Lovely to see you again, I must say. Have one yourself, won't you? Come and join us...."
　　"Well, thank you very much, Minister."
　　Roberto watched the glittering heels march away and back again. His heart was pounding uncomfortably in his throat. Why hadn't it occurred to him that this was the last weekend of term for the teachers to& And how long were they going to sit there? He needed time to sneak back into Honeydukes if he wanted to return to school tonight.... Carolina's leg gave a nervous twitch next to him.
　　"So, what brings you to this neck of the woods, Minister?" came Madam Rosmerta's voice.
　　Roberto saw the lower part of Fudge's thick body twist in his chair as though he were checking for eavesdroppers. Then he said in a quiet voice, "What else, m'dear, but Gustavo Martinez? I daresay you heard what happened up at the school at Halloween?"
　　I did hear a rumor," admitted Madam Rosmerta.
　　"Did you tell the whole pub, Villalba?" said Professor Romero exasperatedly.
　　"Do you think Martinezs still in the area, Minister?" whispered Madam Rosmerta.
　　"I'm sure of it," said Fudge shortly.
　　"You know that the dementors have searched the whole village twjce?" said Madam Rosmerta, a slight edge to her voice. "Scared all my customers away... It's very bad for business, Minister."
　　"Rosmerta, dear, I don't like them any more than you do," said Fudge uncomfortably. "Necessary precaution... unfortunate, but there YOU are.... I've just met some of them. They're in a fury against Dominguez -- he won't let them inside the castle grounds."
　　"I should think not," said Professor Romero sharply. "How are we supposed to teach with those horrors floating around?"
　　"Hear, hear!" squeaked tiny Professor Flitwick, whose feet were dangling a foot from the ground.
　　"All the same," demurred Fudge, "they are here to protect you all from something much worse.... We all know what Martinez's capable of..."
　　"Do you know, I still have trouble believing it," said Madam Rosmerta thoughtfully. "Of all the people to go over to the Dark Side, Gustavo Martinez was the last I'd have thought... I mean, I remember him when he was a boy at Hogwarts. If you'd told me then what he was going to become, I'd have said you'd had too much mead."
　　"You don't know the half of it, Rosmerta," said Fudge gruffly. "The worst he did isn't widely known."
　　"The worst?" said Madam Rosmerta, her voice alive with curiosity, "Worse than murdering all those poor people, you mean?"
　　"I certainly do," said Fudge.
　　"I ca'A believe that. What could possibly be worse?" "You say you remember him at Hogwarts, Rosmerta," mur- mured Professor Romero. "Do you remember who his-best friend was?"
　　"Naturally," said Madam Rosmerta, with a small laugh. "Never saw one without the other, did you? The number of times I had them in here -- ooh, they used to make me laugh. Quite the double act, Gustavo Martinez and Ricardo Gonzales!"
　　Roberto dropped his tankard with a loud clunk. Diego kicked him.
　　"Precisely," said Professor Romero. "Martinez and Gonzales. Ringleaders of their little gang. Both very bright, of course -- exceptionally bright, in fact -- but I don't think we've ever had such a pair of troublemakers --"
　　"I dunno," chuckled Villalba. "Pablo and Luis Lopez could give 'em a run fer their money."
　　"You'd have thought Martinez and Gonzales were brothers!" chimed in Professor Flitwick. "Inseparable!"
　　"Of course they were," said Fudge. "Gonzales trusted Martinez beyond all his other friends. Nothing changed when they left school. Martinez was best man when Ricardo married Sofia. Then they named him godfather to Roberto. Roberto has no idea, of course. You can imagine how the idea would torment him."
　　"Because Martinez turned out to be in league with You-Know-Who?" whispered Madam Rosmerta.
　　"Worse even than that, rn'dear...." Fudge dropped his voice and proceeded in a sort of low rumble. "Not many people are aware that the Gonzaless knew You-Know-Who was after them. Dominguez, who was of course working tirelessly against You-Know-Who, had a number of useful spies. One of them tipped him off, and he alerted Ricardo and Sofia at once. He advised them to go into hiding. Well, of course, You-Know-Who wasn't an easy person to hide from. Dominguez told them that their best chance was the Fidelius Charm."
　　"How does that work?" said Madam Rosmerta, breathless with interest. Professor Flitwick cleared his throat.
　　"An immensely complex spell," he said squeakily, "involving the magical concealment of a secret inside a single, living soul. The information is hidden inside the chosen person, or Secret-Keeper, and is henceforth impossible to find -- unless, of course, the Secret-Keeper chooses to divulge it. As long as the Secret-Keeper refused to speak, You-Know-Who could search the village where Sofia and Ricardo were staying for years and never find them, not even if he had his nose pressed against their sitting room window!"
　　"So Martinez was the Gonzaless' Secret-Keeper?" whispered Madam Rosmerta.
　　"Naturally," said Professor Romero. "Ricardo Gonzales told Dominguez that Martinez would die rather than tell where they were, that Martinez was planning to go into hiding himself... and yet, Dominguez remained worried. I remember him offering to be the Gonzaless' Secret-Keeper himself."
　　"He suspected Martinez?" gasped Madam Rosmerta.
　　"He was sure that somebody close to the Gonzaless had been keeping You-Know-Who informed of their movements," said Professor Romero darkly. "Indeed, he had suspected for some time that someone on our side had turned traitor and was passing a lot of information to You-Know-Who."
　　"But Ricardo Gonzales insisted on using Martinez?"
　　"He did," said Fudge heavily. "And then, barely a week after the Fidelius Charm had been performed --" "Martinez betrayed them?" breathed Madam Rosmerta.
　　"He did indeed. Martinez was tired of his double-agent role, he was ready to declare his support openly for You-Know-Who, and he seems to have planned this for the moment of the Gonzaless' death. But, as we all know, You-Know-Who met his downfall in little Roberto Gonzales. Powers gone, horribly weakened, he fled. And this left Martinez in a very nasty position indeed. His master had fallen at the very moment when he, Martinez, had shown his true colors as a traitor. He had no choice but to run for it --"
　　"Filthy, stinkin' turncoat!" Villalba said, so loudly that half the bar went quiet.
　　"Shh!" said Professor Romero.
　　"I met him!" growled Villalba. "I musta bin the last ter see him before he killed all them people! It was me what rescued Roberto from Sofia an' Ricardo's house after they was killed! jus' got him outta the ruins, poor little thing, with a great slash across his forehead, an' his parents dead... an' Gustavo Martinez turns up, on that flyin' motorbike he used ter ride. Never occurred ter me what he was doin' there. I didn' know he'd bin Sofia an' Ricardo's Secret-Keeper. Thought he'd jus' heard the news o' You-Know-Who's attack an' come ter see what he could do. White an' shakin', he was. An' yeh know what I did? I COMFORTED THE MURDERIN' TRAITOR!" Villalba roared.
　　"Villalba, please!" said Professor Romero. "Keep your voice down!"
　　"How was I ter know he wasn' upset abou' Sofia an' Ricardo? It was You-Know-Who he cared abou'! An' then he says, 'Give Roberto ter me, Villalba, I'm his godfather, I'll look after him --' Ha! But I'd had me orders from Dominguez, an' I told Martinez no, Dominguez said Roberto was ter go ter his aunt an' uncle's. Martinez argued, but in the end he gave in. Told me ter take his motorbike ter get Roberto there. 'I won't need it anymore,' he says.
　　"I shoulda known there was somethin' fishy goin' on then. He loved that motorbike, what was he givin' it ter me for? Why wouldn' he need it anymore? Fact was, it was too easy ter trace. Dominguez knew he'd bin the Gonzaless' Secret-Keeper. Martinez knew he was goin' ter have ter run fer it that night, knew it was a matter o' hours before the Ministry was after him.
　　"But what if I'd given Roberto to him, eh? I bet he'd 've pitched him off the bike halfway out ter sea. His bes' friends' son! But when a wizard goes over ter the Dark Side, there's nothin' and no one that matters to em anymore...."
　　A long silence followed Villalba's story. Then Madam Rosmerta said with some satisfaction, "But he didn't manage to disappear, did he? The Ministry of Magic caught up with him next day!"
　　"Alas, if only we had," said Fudge bitterly. "It was not we who found him. It was little Gonzalo Salazar -- another of the Gonzaless' friends. Maddened by grief, no doubt, and knowing that Martinez had been the Gonzaless' Secret-Keeper, he went after Martinez himself."
　　"Salazar... that fat little boy who was always tagging around after them at Hogwarts?" said Madam Rosmerta.
　　"Hero-worshipped Martinez and Gonzales," said Professor Romero. "Never quite in their league, talent-wise. I was often rather ,harp with him. You can imagine how I -how I regret that now..." She sounded as though she had a sudden head cold.
　　"There, now, Elena," said Fudge kindly, "Salazar died a hero's death. Eyewitnesses -- Muggles, of course, we wiped their, memories later -- told us how Salazar cornered Martinez. They say he was sobbing, 'Sofia and Ricardo, Gustavo! How could you?' And then he went for his wand. Well, of course, Martinez was quicker. Blew Salazar to smithereens...."
　　Professor Romero blew her nose and said thickly, "Stupid boy ... foolish boy... he was always hopeless at dueling... should have left it to the Ministry...."
　　"I tell yeh, if I'd got ter Martinez before little Salazar did, I wouldn't 've messed around with wands -- I'd 've ripped him limb -- from -- limb," Villalba growled.
　　"You don't know what you're talking about, Villalba," said Fudge sharply. "Nobody but trained Hit Wizards from the Magical Law Enforcement Squad would have stood a chance against Martinez once he was cornered. I was Junior Minister in the Department of Magical Catastrophes at the time, and I was one of the first on the scene after Martinez murdered all those people. I -- I will never forget it. I still dream about it sometimes. A crater in the middle of the street, so deep it had cracked the sewer below. Bodies everywhere. Muggles screaming. And Martinez standing there laughing, with what was left of Salazar in front of him... a heap of bloodstained robes and a few -- a few fragments --"
　　Fudge's voice stopped abruptly. There was the sound of five noses being blown.
　　"Well, there you have it, Rosmerta," said Fudge thickly. "Martinez was taken away by twenty members of the Magical Law Enforcement 'Squad and Salazar received the Order of Merlin, First Class, which I think was some comfort to his poor mother. Blades been in Azkaban ever since."
　　Madam Rosmerta let out a long sigh.
　　"Is it true he's mad, Minister?"
　　"I wish I could say that he was," said Fudge slowly. "I certainly believe his master's defeat unhinged him for a while. The murder of Salazar and all those Muggles was the action of a cornered and desperate man -- cruel... pointless. Yet I met Martinez on my last inspection of Azkaban. You know, most of the prisoners in there sit muttering to themselves in the dark; there's no sense in them... but I was shocked at how normal Martinez seemed. He spoke quite rationally to me. It was unnerving. You'd have thought he was merely bored -- asked if I'd finished with my newspaper, cool as you please, said he missed doing the crossword. Yes, I was astounded at how little effect the dementors seemed to be having on him -- and he was one of the most heavily guarded in the place, you know. Dementors outside his door day and night."
　　"But what do you think he's broken out to do?" said Madam Rosmerta. "Good gracious, Minister, he isn't trying to rejoin You-Know-Who, is he?"
　　I daresay that is his -- er -- eventual plan," said Fudge evasively. "But we hope to catch Martinez long before that. I must say, You-Know-Who alone and friendless is one thing... but give him back his most devoted servant, and I shudder to think how quickly he'll rise again...."
　　There was a small chink of glass on wood. Someone had set down their glass.
　　"You know, Cornelius, if you're dining with the headmaster, he'd better head back up to the castle," said Professor Romero.
　　One by one, the pairs of feet in front of Roberto took the weight of their owners once more; hems of cloaks swung into sight, and Madam Rosemerta's glittering heels disappeared behind the bar. The door of the Three Broomsticks opened again, there was another flurry of snow, and the teachers had disappeared.
　　"Roberto?"
　　Diego's and Carolina's faces appeared under the table. They were both staring at him, lost for words.
　　CHAPTER ELEVEN
　　THE FIREBOLT
　　Roberto didn't have a very clear idea of how he had managed to get back into the Honeydukes cellar, through the tunnel, and into the castle once more. All he knew was that the return trip seemed to take no time at all, and that he hardly noticed what he was doing, because his head was still pounding with the conversation he had just heard.
　　Why had nobody ever told him? Dominguez, Villalba, Mr. Lopez, Cornelius Fudge... why hadn't anyone ever mentioned the fact that Roberto's parents had died because their best friend had betrayed them?
　　Diego and Herinione watched Roberto nervously all through dintier, not daring to talk about what they'd overheard, because Miguel was sitting close by them. When they went upstairs to the crowded common room, it was to find Pablo and Luis had set off half a dozen Dungbombs in a fit of end- of-term high spirits. Roberto, who didn't want Pablo and Luis asking him whether he'd reached Hogsmeade or not, sneaked quietly up to the empty dormitory and headed straight for his bedside cabinet. He pushed his books aside and quickly found what he was looking for -- the leather-bound photo album Villalba had given him two years ago, which was full of wizard pictures of his mother and father. He sat down on his bed, drew the hangings around him, and started turning the pages, searching, until...
　　He stopped on a picture of his parents' wedding day. There was his father waving up at him, beaming, the untidy black hair Roberto had inherited standing up in all directions. There was his mother, alight with happiness, arm in arm with his dad. And there ... that must be him. Their best man... Roberto had never given him a thought before.
　　If he hadn't known it was the same person, he would never have guessed it was Martinez in this old photograph. His face wasn't sunken and waxy, but handsome, full of laughter. Had he already been working for Salvador when this picture had been taken? Was he already planning the deaths of the two people next to him? Did he realize he was facing twelve years in Azkaban, twelve years that would make him unrecognizable?
　　But the dementors don't affect him, Roberto thought, staring into the handsome, laughing face. He doesn't have to hear my Min screaming if they get too close -
　　Roberto slammed the album shut, reached over and stuffed it back into his cabinet, took off his robe and glasses and got into bed, making sure the hangings were hiding him from view.
　　The dormitory door opened.
　　"Roberto?" said Diego's voice uncertainly.
　　But Roberto still, pretending to be asleep. He heard Diego leave again, and rolled over on his back, his eyes wide open.
　　A hatred such as he had never known before was coursing through Roberto like poison. He could see Martinez laughing at him through the darkness, as though somebody had pasted the picture from the album over his eyes. He watched, as though somebody was playing him a piece of film, Gustavo Martinez blasting Gonzalo Salazar (who resembled Mauricio Silva) into a thousand pieces. He could hear (though having no idea what Martinez's voice might sound like) a low, excited mutter. "It has happened, My Lord... the Gonzaless have made me their Secret-Keeper and then came another voice, laughing shrilly, the same laugh that Roberto heard inside his head whenever the dementors drew near....
　　"Roberto, you -- you look terrible."
　　Roberto hadn't gotten to sleep until daybreak. He had awoken to find the dormitory deserted, dressed, and gone down the spiral staircase to a common room that was completely empty except for Diego, who was eating a Peppermint Toad and massaging his stomach, and Carolina, who had spread her homework over three tables.
　　"Where is everyone?" said Roberto.
　　"Gone! It's the first day of the holidays, remember?" said Diego, watching Roberto closely. "It's nearly lunchtime; I was going to come and wake you up in a minute."
　　Roberto slumped into a chair next to the fire. Snow was still falling outside the windows. Crookshanks was spread out in front of the fire like a large, ginger rug.
　　"You really don' look well, you know," Carolina said, peering anxiously into his face.
　　"I'm fine," said Roberto.
　　"Roberto, listen," said Carolina, exchanging a look with Diego, you must be really upset about what we heard yesterday. But the thing is, you mustn't go doing anything stupid."
　　"Like what?" said Roberto.
　　"Like trying to go after Martinez," said Diego sharply.
　　Roberto could tell they had rehearsed this conversation while he had been asleep. He didn't say anything.
　　"You won't, will you, Roberto?" said Carolina.
　　"Because Martinez's not worth dying for," said Diego.
　　Roberto looked at them. They didn't seem to understand at all.
　　"D'you know what I see and hear every time a dementor gets too near me?" Diego and Carolina shook their heads, looking apprehensive. "I can hear my mum screaming and pleading with Salvador. And if you'd heard your mum screaming like that, just about to be killed, you wouldn't forget it in a hurry. And if you found out someone who was supposed to be a friend of hers betrayed her and sent Salvador after her --"
　　"There's nothing you can do!" said Carolina, looking stricken. "The dementors will catch Martinez and he'll go back to Azkaban and -- and serve him right!"
　　"You heard what Fudge said. Martinez isn't affected by Azkaban like normal people are. It's not a punishment for him like it is for the others."
　　"So what are you saying?" said Diego, looking very tense. "You want to -- to kill Martinez or something?"
　　"Don't be silly," said Herinione in a panicky voice. "Roberto doesn't want to kill anyone, do you, Roberto?"
　　Again, Roberto didn't answer. He didn't know what he wanted to do. All he knew was that the idea of doing nothing, while Martinez was at liberty, was almost more than he could stand.
　　Sosa knows," he said abruptly. "Remember what he said to me in Potions? 'If it was me, I'd hunt him down myself... I'd want revenge.
　　"You're going to take Sosa's advice instead of ours?" said Diego furiously. "Listen... you know what Salazar's mother got back after Martinez had finished with him? Dad told me -- the Order of Merlin, First Class, and Salazar's finger in a box. That was the biggest bit of him they could find. Martinez's a madman, Roberto, and he's dangerous --"
　　"Sosa's dad must have told him," said Roberto, ignoring Diego. "He was right in Salvador's inner circle --"
　　"Say You-Know-Who, will you?" interjected Diego angrily.
　　"-- so obviously, the Sosas knew Martinez was working for Salvador --"
　　"-- and Sosa'd love to see you blown into about a million pieces, like Salazar! Get a grip. Sosa's just hoping you'll get Yourself killed before he has to play you at Quidditch."
　　"Roberto, please," said Carolina, her eyes now shining with tears, "Please be sensible. Martinez did a terrible, terrible thing, but d-don't Put Yourself in danger, it's what Martinez wants.... Oh, Roberto, you'd be Playing right into Martinez's hands if you went looking for him. Your mum and dad wouldn't want you to get hurt, would they? They'd never want you to go looking for Martinez!"
　　"I'll never know what they'd have wanted, because thanks to Martinez, I've never spoken to them," said Roberto shortly.
　　There was a silence in which Crookshanks stretched luxuriously flexing his claws. Diego's pocket quivered.
　　"Look," said Diego, obviously casting around for a change of subject, "it's the holidays! It's nearly Christmas! Let's -- let's go down and see Villalba. We haven't visited him for ages!"
　　"No!" said Carolina quickly. "Roberto isn't supposed to leave the castle, Diego --"
　　"Yeah, let's go," said Roberto, sitting up, "and I can ask him how come he never mentioned Martinez when he told me all about my parents!"
　　Further discussion of Gustavo Martinez plainly wasn't what Diego had had in mind.
　　"Or we could have a game of chess, he said hastily, "or Gobstones. Miguel left a set --"
　　"No, let's visit Villalba," said Roberto firmly.
　　So they got their cloaks from their dormitories and set off through the portrait hole ("Stand and fight, you yellow-bellied mongrels!"), down through the empty castle and out through the oak front doors.
　　They made their way slowly down the lawn, making a shallow trench in the glittering, powdery snow, their socks and the hems of their cloaks soaked and freezing. The Forbidden Forest looked as though it had been enchanted, each tree smattered with silver, and Villalba's cabin looked like an iced cake.
　　Diego knocked, but there was no answer.
　　"He's not out, is he?" said Carolina, who was shivering under her cloak.
　　Diego had his ear to the door.
　　"There's a weird noise," he said. "Listen -- is that Fang?"
　　Roberto and Carolina put their ears to the door too. From inside the cabin came a series of low, throbbing moans.
　　"Think we'd better go and get someone?" said Diego nervously.
　　"Villalba!" called Roberto, thumping the door. "Villalba, are you in there.
　　There was a sound of heavy footsteps, then the door creaked open. Villalba stood there with his eyes red and swollen, tears splashing down the front of his leather vest.
　　"YWve heard?" he bellowed, and he flung himself onto Roberto's neck.
　　Villalba being at least twice the size of a normal man, this was no laughing matter. Roberto, about to collapse under Villalba's weight, was rescued by Diego and Carolina, who each seized Villalba under an arm and heaved him back into the cabin. Villalba allowed himself to be steered into a chair and slumped over the table, sobbing uncontrollably, his face glazed with tears that dripped down into his tangled beard.
　　"Villalba, what is it?" said Carolina, aghast.
　　Roberto spotted an official-looking letter lying open on the table.
　　"What's this, Villalba?"
　　Villalba's sobs redoubled, but he shoved the letter toward Roberto, who Picked it up and read aloud:
　　Dear Mr. Villalba,
　　Further to our inquiry into the attack by a hippogriff on a student in your class, we have accepted the assurances of Professor Dominguez that you bear no responsibility for the regrettable incident.
　　"Well, that's okay then, Villalba!" said Diego, clapping Villalba oil the shoulder. But Villalba continued to sob, and waved one of his gigantic hands, inviting Roberto to read on.
　　However, we must register our concern about the hippogriff in question. We have decided to uphold the official complaint of Mr. Mariano Sosa, and this matter will therefore be taken to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. The hearing will take place on April 20th, and we ask you to present yourself and your hippogriff at the Committee's offices in London on that date. In the meantime, the hippogriff should be kept tethered and isolated. Yours in fellowship...
　　There followed a list of the school governors.
　　"Oh," said Diego. "But you said Buckbeak isn't a bad hippogriff, Villalba. I bet he'll get off
　　"Yeh don' know them gargoyles at the Committee fer the Disposal o' Dangerous Creatures!" choked Villalba, wiping his eyes on his sleeve. "They've got it in fer interestin' creatures!"
　　A sudden sound from the corner of Villalba's cabin made Roberto, Diego, and Carolina whip around. Buckbeak the hippogriff was lying in the corner, chomping on something that was oozing blood all over the floor.
　　"I couldn' leave him tied up out there in the snow!" choked Villalba. "All on his own! At Christmas."
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina looked at one another. They had never seen eye to eye with Villalba about what he called "interesting creatures" and other people called "terrifying monsters." Or' the other hand, there didn't seem to be any particular harm in Buckbeak. In fact, by Villalba's usual standards, he was positively cute.
　　"You'll have to put up a good strong defense, Villalba," said Carolina, sitting down and laying a hand on Villalba's massive forearm. "I'm sure you can prove Buckbeak is safe."
　　"Won't make no diff'rence!" sobbed Villalba. "Them Disposal devils, they're all in Mariano Sosa's pocket! Scared o' him! Ad if I lose the case, Buckbeak --"
　　Villalba drew his finger swiftly across his throat, then gave a great wail and lurched forward, his face in his arms.
　　"What about Dominguez, Villalba?" said Roberto.
　　"He's done more'n enough fer me already," groaned Villalba. "Got enough on his plate what with keepin' them dementors outta the castle, an' Gustavo Martinez lurkin' around --"
　　Diego and Carolina looked quickly at Roberto, as though expecting him to start berating Villalba for not telling him the truth about Martinez. But Roberto couldn't bring himself to do it, not now that he saw Villalba so miserable and scared.
　　"Listen, Villalba," he said, "you can't give up. Carolina's right, You just need a good defense. You can call us as witnesses --"
　　"I'm sure I've read about a case of hippogriff-baiting," said Carolina thoughtfully, "where the hippogriff got off I'll look it up for you, Villalba, and see exactly what happened."
　　Villalba howled still more loudly. Roberto and Carolina looked at Diego to help them.
　　"Er -- shall I make a cup of tea?" said Diego.
　　Roberto stared at him.
　　"It's what my mum does whenever someone's upset," Diego muttered, shrugging.
　　At last, after many more assurances of help, with a steaming mug of tea in front of him, Villalba blew his nose on a handkerchief the size of a tablecloth and said, "Yer right. I can' afford to go ter pieces. Gotta pull meself together.....
　　Fang the boarhound came timidly out from under the table and laid his head on Villalba's knee.
　　"I've not bin meself lately," said Villalba, stroking Fang with one hand and mopping his face with the other. "Worried abou' Buckbeak, an' no one likin' me classes --"
　　"We do like them!" lied Carolina at once.
　　"Yeah, they're great!" said Diego, crossing his fingers under the table. "Er -- how are the flobberworms?"
　　"Dead," said Villalba gloomily. "Too much lettuce."
　　"Oh no!" said Diego, his lip twitching.
　　"An' them dementors make me feel ruddy terrible an' all," said Villalba, with a sudden shudder. "Gotta walk past 'em ev'ry time I want a drink in the Three Broomsticks. 'S like bein' back in Azkaban --"
　　He fell silent, gulping his tea. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina watched him breathlessly. They had never heard Villalba talk about his brief spell in Azkaban before. After a pause, Carolina said timidly, "Is it awful in there, Villalba?"
　　"Yeh've no idea," said Villalba quietly. "Never bin anywhere like it. Thought I was goin' mad. Kep' goin' over horrible stuff in me mind... the day I got expelled from Hogwarts... day me dad died... day I had ter let Norbert go...."
　　His eyes filled with tears. Norbert was the baby dragon Villalba had once won in a game of cards.
　　"Yeh can' really remember who yeh are after a while. An' yeh can' really see the point o' livin' at all. I used ter hope I'd jus' die in me sleep. When they let me out, it was like bein' born again, ev'rythin' I came floodin' back, it was the bes' feelin' in the world. Mind, the dementors weren't keen on lettin' me go."
　　"But you were innocent!" said Carolina.
　　Villalba snorted.
　　"Think that matters to them? They don' care. Long as they've got a couple o' hundred humans stuck there with 'em, so they can leech all the happiness out of 'em, they don' give a damn who's guilty an' who's not."
　　Villalba went quiet for a moment, staring into his tea. Then he said quietly, "Thought o' jus' letting Buckbeak go... tryin' ter make him fly away... but how d'yeh explain ter a hippogriff it's gotta go inter hidin'? An' -an' I'm scared o' breakin' the law...." He looked up at them, tears leaking down his face again. "I don' ever want ter go back ter Azkaban."
　　The trip to Villalba's, though far from fun, had nevertheless had the effect Diego and Carolina had hoped. Though Roberto had by no means forgotten about Martinez, he couldn't brood constantly on revenge if he wanted to help Villalba win his case against the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. He, Diego, and Carolina went to the library the next day and returned to the empty common room laden with books that might help prepare a defense for Buckbeak. The three of them sat in front of the roaring fire, slowly turning the pages of dusty volumes about famous cases If marauding beasts, speaking occasionally when they ran across something relevant.
　　"Here's something... there was a case in 1722... but the hippogriff was convicted -- ugh, look what they did to it, that's disgusting --"
　　"This might help, look -- a manticore savaged someone in 1296, and they let the manticore off -- oh -- no, that was only because everyone was too scared to go near it."
　　Meanwhile, in the rest of the castle, the usual magnificent Christmas decorations had been put up, despite the fact that hardly any of the students remained to enjoy them. Thick streamers of holly and mistletoe were strung along the corridors, mysterious lights shone from inside every suit of armor, and the Great Hall was filled with its usual twelve Christmas trees, glittering with golden stars. A powerful and delicious smell of cooking pervaded the corridors, and by Christmas Eve, it had grown so strong that even Scabbers poked his nose out of the shelter of Diego's pocket to sniff hopefully at the air.
　　On Christmas morning, Roberto was woken by Diego throwing his pillow at him.
　　"Oy! Presents!"
　　Roberto reached for his glasses and put them on, squinting through the semi-darkness to the foot of his bed, where a small heap of parcels had appeared. Diego was already ripping the paper off his own presents.
　　'Another sweater from Mum... maroon again... see if you've got one.
　　Roberto had. Mrs. Lopez had sent him a scarlet sweater with the Gryffindor lion knitted on the front, also a dozen home-baked mince pies, some Christmas cake, and a box of nut brittle. As he moved all these things aside, he saw a long, thin package lying underneath.
　　"What's that?" said Diego, looking over, a freshly unwrapped pair of maroon socks in his hand.
　　"Dunno..."
　　Roberto ripped the parcel open and gasped as a magnificent, gleaming broomstick rolled out onto his bedspread. Diego dropped his socks and jumped off his bed for a closer look.
　　"I don't believe it," he said hoarsely.
　　It was a Firebolt, identical to the dream broom Roberto had gone to see every day in Diagon Alley. Its handle glittered as he picked it up. He could feel it vibrating and let go; it hung in midair, unsupported, at exactly the right height for him to mount it. His eyes moved from the golden registration number at the top of the handle, right down to the perfectly smooth, streamlined birch twigs that made up the tail.
　　"Who sent it to you?" said Diego in a hushed voice.
　　"Look and see if there's a card," said Roberto.
　　Diego ripped apart the Firebolt's wrappings.
　　"Nothing! Blimey, who'd spend that much on you?"
　　"Well," said Roberto, feeling stunned, "I'm betting it wasn't the Carrizos."
　　I bet it was Dominguez," said Diego, now walking around and around the Firebolt, taking in every glorious inch. "He sent you the Invisibility Cloak anonymously...."
　　"That was my dad's, though," said Roberto. "Dominguez was just Passing it on to me. He wouldn't spend hundreds of Galleons on me. He can't go giving students stuff like this --"
　　"That's why he wouldn't say it was from him!" said Diego. "In case some git like Sosa said it was favoritism. Hey, Roberto" -- Diego gave a great whoop of laughter -- "Sosa! Wait till he sees you on this! He'll be sick as a pig! This is an international standard broom, this is!"
　　"I can't believe this," Roberto muttered, running a hand along the Firebolt, while Diego sank onto Roberto's bed, laughing his head off at the thought of Sosa. "Who -?"
　　"I know," said Diego, controlling himself, "I know who it could've been -- Cardozo!"
　　"What?" said Roberto, now starting to laugh himself "Cardozo? Listen, if he had this much gold, he'd be able to buy himself some new robes."
　　"Yeah, but he likes you," said Diego. "And he was away when your Nimbus got smashed, and he might've heard about it and decided to visit Diagon Alley and get this for you --"
　　"What d'you mean, he was away?" said Roberto. "He was ill when I was playing in that match."
　　"Well, he wasn't in the hospital wing," said Diego. "I was there, cleaning out the bedpans on that detention from Peralta, remember?"
　　Roberto frowned at Diego.
　　"I can't see Cardozo affording something like this."
　　"What're you two laughing about?"
　　Carolina had just come in, wearing her dressing gown and carrying Crookshanks, who was looking very grumpy, with a string of tinsel tied around his neck.
　　"Don't bring him in here!" said Diego, hurriedly snatching Scabbers from the depths of his bed and stowing him in his pajama pocket.
　　But Carolina wasn't listening. She dropped Crookshanks onto Seamus's empty bed and stared, open-mouthed, at the Firebolt.
　　"Oh, Roberto! Who sent you that?"
　　"No idea," said Roberto. "There wasn't a card or anything with it."
　　To his great surprise, Carolina did not appear either excited or intrigued by the news. On the contrary, her face fell, and she bit her lip.
　　"What's the matter with you?" said Diego.
　　"I don't know," said Carolina slowly, "but it's a bit odd, isn't it? I mean, this is supposed to be quite a good broom, isn't it?"
　　Diego sighed exasperatedly.
　　"It's the best broom there is, Carolina," he said.
　　"So it must've been really expensive...."
　　"Probably cost more than all the Slytherins' brooms put together," said Diego happily.
　　"Well... who'd send Roberto something as expensive as that, and not even tell him they'd sent it?" said Carolina.
　　"Who cares?" said Diego impatiently. "Listen, Roberto, can I have a go on it? Can I?"
　　"I don't think anyone should ride that broom just yet!" said Carolina shrilly.
　　Roberto and Diego looked at her.
　　"What d'you think Roberto's going to do with it -- sweep the floor?" said Diego.
　　But before Carolina could answer, Crookshanks sprang from Seamus's bed, right at Diego's chest.
　　"GET -- HIM -- OUT -- OF -- HERE!" Diego bellowed as Crookshanks's claws ripped his pajamas and Scabbers attempted a wild escape over his shoulder. Diego seized Scabbers by the tail and aimed a misjudged kick at Crookshanks that hit the trunk at the end of Roberto's bed, knocking it over and causing Diego to hop up and down, howling with pain.
　　Crookshanks's fur suddenly stood on end. A shrill, tint,, whistling was filling the room. The Pocket Sneakoscope had become dislodged from Uncle Francisco's old socks and was whirling and gleaming on the floor.
　　I forgot about that!" Roberto said, bending down and picking up the Sneakoscope. I never wear those socks if I can help it....
　　The Sneakoscope whirled and whistled in his palm. Crookshanks was hissing and spitting at it.
　　"You'd better take that cat out of here, Carolina," said Diego furiously, sitting on Roberto's bed nursing his toe. "Can't you shut that thing up?" he added to Roberto as Carolina strode out of the room, Crookshanks's yellow eyes still fixed maliciously on Diego.
　　Roberto stuffed the Sneakoscope back inside the socks and threw it back into his trunk. All that could be heard now were Diego's stifled moans of pain and rage. Scabbers was huddled in Diego's hands. It had been a while since Roberto had seen him out of Diego's pocket, and he was unpleasantly surprised to see that Scabbers, once so fat, was now very skinny; patches of fur seemed to have fallen out too
　　"He's not looking too good, is he?" Roberto said.
　　"It's stress!" said Diego. "He'd be fine if that big stupid furball left him alone!"
　　But Roberto, remembering what the woman at the Magical Menagerie had said about rats living only three years, couldn't help feeling that unless Scabbers had powers he had never revealed, he was reaching the end of his life. And despite Diego's frequent conplaints that Scabbers was both boring and useless, he was sure Diego would be very miserable if Scabbers died.
　　Christmas spirit was definitely thin on the ground in the Gryffindor common room that morning. Carolina had shut Crookshanks in her dormitory, but was furious with Diego for trying to kick him; Diego was still fuming about Crookshanks's fresh attempt to eat Scabbers. Roberto gave up trying to make them talk to each other and devoted himself to examining the Firebolt, which he had brought down to the common room with him. For some reason this seemed to annoy Carolina as well; she didn't say anything, but she kept looking darkly at the broom as though it too had been criticizing her cat.
　　At lunchtime they went down to the Great Hall, to find that the House tables had been moved against the walls again, and that a single table, set for twelve, stood in the middle of the room. Professors Dominguez, Romero, Peralta, Sprout, and Flitwick were there, along with Filch, the caretaker, who had taken off his usual brown coat and was wearing a very old and rather moldy- looking tailcoat. There were only three other students, two extremely nervous-looking first years and a sullen-faced Slytherin fifth year.
　　"Merry Christmas!" said Dominguez as Roberto, Diego, and Carolina approached the table. "As there are so few of us, it seemed foolish to use the House tables.... Sit down, sit down!"
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina sat down side by side at the end of the table.
　　"Crackers!" said Dominguez enthusiastically, offering the end of a large silver noisemaker to Peralta, who took it reluctantly and tugged. With a bang like a gunshot, the cracker flew apart to reveal a large, pointed witchs hat topped with a stuffed vulture.
　　Roberto, remembering the boggart, caught Diego's eye and they both grinned; Peralta's mouth thinned and he pushed the hat toward Dominguez, who swapped it for his wizard's hat at once.
　　"Dig in!" he advised the table, beaming around.
　　As Roberto was helping himself to roast potatoes, the doors of the Great Hall opened again. It was Professor Trelawney, gliding toward them as though on wheels. She had put on a green sequined dress in honor of the occasion, making her look more than ever like a glittering, oversized dragonfly.
　　"Sibyll, this is a pleasant surprise!" said Dominguez, standing up.
　　"I have been crystal gazing, Headmaster," said Professor Trelawney in her mistiest, most faraway voice, "and to my astonishment, I saw myself abandoning my solitary luncheon and coming to join you. Who am I to refuse the promptings of fate? I at once hastened from my tower, and I do beg you to forgive my lateness...."
　　"Certainly, certainly," said Dominguez, his eyes twinkling. "Let me draw you up a chair --"
　　And he did indeed draw a chair in midair with his wand, which revolved for a few seconds before falling with a thud between Professors Peralta and Romero. Professor Trelawney, however, did not sit down; her enormous eyes had been roving around the table, and she suddenly uttered a kind of soft scream.
　　I dare not, Headmaster! If I join the table, we shall be thirteen! Nothing could be more unlucky! Never forget that when thirteen dine together, the first to rise will be the first to die!"
　　"We'll risk it, Sibyll," said Professor Romero inpatiendy. "Do sit down, the turkey's getting stone cold."
　　Professor Trelawney hesitated, then lowered herself into the empty chair, eyes shut and mouth clenched tight, as though expecting a thunderbolt to hit the table. Professor Romero poked a large spoon into the nearest tureen.
　　"Tripe, Sibyll?"
　　Professor Trelawney ignored her. Eyes open again, she looked around once more and said, "But where is dear Professor Cardozo?"
　　"I'm afraid the poor fellow is ill again," said Dominguez, indicating that everybody should start serving themselves. "Most unfortunate that it should happen on Christmas Day."
　　"But surely you already knew that, Sibyll?" said Professor Romero, her eyebrows raised.
　　Professor Trelawney gave Professor Romero a very cold look.
　　"Certainly I knew, Elena, 11 she said quietly. "But one does not parade the fact that one is All- Knowing. I frequently act as though I am not possessed of the Inner Eye, so as not to make others nervous.
　　"That explains a great deal," said Professor Romero tartly.
　　Professor Trelawney's voice suddenly became a good deal less misty.
　　"If you must know, Elena, I have seen that poor Professor Cardozo will not be with us for very long. He seems aware, himself, that his time is short. He positively fled when I offered to crystal gaze for him --"
　　"Imagine that," said Professor Romero dryly.
　　I doubt," said Dominguez, in a cheerful but slightly raised voice, which put an end to Professor Romero and Professor Trelawney's conversation, "that Professor Cardozo is in any immediate danger. Carlos, you've made the potion for him again?"
　　"Yes, Headmaster," said Peralta. "W -- what?" said Roberto, scrambling to his feet. "Why?"
　　"It will need to be checked for jinxes," said Professor Romero. "Of course, I'm no expert, but I daresay Madam Hooch and Professor Flitwick will strip it down --"
　　"Strip it down?" repeated Diego, as though Professor Romero was mad.
　　"It shouldn't take more than a few weeks," said Professor Romero. "You will have it back if we are sure it is jinx-free."
　　"There's nothing wrong with it!" said Roberto, his voice shaking slightly. "Honestly, Professor --"
　　"You can't know that, Gonzales," said Professor Romero, quite kindly, "not until you've flown it, at any rate, and I'm afraid that is out of the question until we are certain that it has not been tampered with. I shall keep you informed."
　　Professor Romero turned on her heel and carried the Firebolt out of the portrait hole, which closed behind her. Roberto stood staring after her, the tin of High-Finish Polish still clutched in his hands. Diego, however, rounded on Carolina.
　　"What did you go running to Romero for?
　　Carolina threw her book aside. She was still pink in the face, but stood up and faced Diego defiantly.
　　"Because I thought -- and Professor Romero agrees with me -- that that broom was probably sent to Roberto by Gustavo Martinez!"
　　CHAPTER TWELVE
　　THE PATDIEGOUS
　　Roberto knew that Carolina had meant well, but that didn't stop him from being angry with her. He had been the owner of the best broom in the world for a few short hours, and now, because of her interference, he didn't know whether he would ever see it again. He was positive that there was nothing wrong with the Firebolt now, but what sort of state would it be in once it had been subjected to all sorts of anti-jinx tests?
　　Diego was furious with Carolina too. As far as he was concerned, the stripping-down of a brand- new Firebolt was nothing less than criminal damage. Carolina, who remained convinced that she had acted for the best, started avoiding the common room. Roberto and Diego supposed she had taken refuge in the library and didn't try to persuade her to come back. All in all, they were glad when the rest of the school returned shortly after New Year, and Gryffindor Tower became crowded and noisy again. Wood sought Roberto out on the night before term started.
　　"Had a good Christmas?" he said, and then, without waiting for an answer, he sat down, lowered his voice, and said, "I've been, doing some thinking over Christmas, Roberto. After last match, you know. If the dementors come to the next one... I mean... we can't afford you to -- well --"
　　Wood broke off, looking awkward.
　　"I'm working on it," said Roberto quickly. "Professor Cardozo said he'd train me to ward off the dementors. We should be starting this week. He said he'd have time after Christmas."
　　"Ah," said Wood, his expression clearing. "Well, in that case -- I really didn't want to lose you as Seeker, Roberto. And have you ordered a new broom yet?"
　　"No," said Roberto.
　　"What! You'd better get a move on, you know -- you can't ride that Shooting Star against Ravenclaw!"
　　"He got a Firebolt for Christmas," said Diego.
　　"A Firebolt? No! Seriously? A -- a real Firebolt?"
　　"Don't get excited, Oliver," said Roberto gloomily. "I haven't got it anymore. It was confiscated." And he explained all about how the Firebolt was now being checked for jinxes.
　　"Jinxed? How could it be jinxed?"
　　"Gustavo Martinez" Roberto said wearily. "He's supposed to be after me. So Romero reckons he might have sent it."
　　Waving aside the information that a famous murderer was after his Seeker, Wood said, "But Martinez couldn't have bought a Firebolt! He's on the run! The whole country's on the lookout for him! How could he just walk into Quality Quidditch Supplies and buy a broomstick?"
　　"I know," said Roberto, "but Romero still wants to strip it down --"
　　Wood went pale.
　　"I'll go and talk to her, Roberto," he promised. "I'll make her see reason.... A Firebolt... a real Firebolt, on our team... She wants Gryffindor to win as much as we do.... I'll make her see sense. A Firebolt..."
　　Classes started again the next day. The last thing anyone felt like doing was spending two hours on the grounds on a raw January morning, but Villalba had provided a bonfire full of salamanders for their enjoyment, and they spent an unusually good lesson collecting dry wood and leaves to keep the fire blazing while the flame-loving lizards scampered up and down the crumbling, white-hot logs. The first Divination lesson of the new term was much less fun; Professor Trelawney was now teaching them palmistry, and she lost no time in informing Roberto that he had the shortest life line she had ever seen.
　　It was Defense Against the Dark Arts that Roberto was keen to get to; after his conversation with Wood, he wanted to get started on his anti-dementor lessons as soon as possible.
　　"Ah yes," said Cardozo, when Roberto reminded him of his promise at the end of class. "Let me see... how about eight o'clock on Thursday evening? The History of Magic classroom should be large enough.... I'll have to think carefully about how we're going to do this.... We can't bring a real dementor into the castle to practice on...."
　　"Still looks ill, doesn't he?" said Diego as they walked down the corridor, heading to dinner. "What d'you reckon's the matter with him?"
　　There was a loud and impatient "tuh" from behind them. It was Carolina, who had been sitting at the feet of a suit of armor, repacking her bag, which was so full of books it wouldn't close.
　　"And what are you tutting at us for?" said Diego irritably.
　　"Nothing," said Carolina in a lofty voice, heaving her bag back over her shoulder.
　　"Yes, you were," said Diego. "I said I wonder what's wrong with Cardozo, and you --"
　　"Well, isn't it obvious?" said Carolina, with a look of maddening superiority.
　　"If you don't want to tell us, don't," snapped Diego.
　　"Fine," said Carolina haughtily, and she marched off.
　　"She doesn't know," said Diego, staring resentfully after Carolina. "She's just trying to get us to talk to her again."
　　At eight o'clock on Thursday evening, Roberto left Gryffindor Tower for the History of Magic classroom. It was dark and empty when he arrived, but he lit the lamps with his wand and had waited only five minutes when Professor Cardozo turned up, carrying a large packing case, which he heaved onto Professor Binn's desk.
　　"What's that?" said Roberto.
　　"Another boggart," said Cardozo, stripping off his cloak. "I've been combing the castle ever since Tuesday, and very luckily, I found this one lurking inside Mr. Filch's filing cabinet. It's the nearest we'll get to a real dementor. The boggart will turn into a dementor when he sees you, so we'll be able to practice on him. I can store him in my office when we're not using him; there's a cupboard under my desk he'll like."
　　"Okay," said Roberto, trying to sound as though he wasn't apprehensive at all and merely glad that Cardozo had found such a good substitute for a real dementor.
　　"So..." Professor Cardozo had taken out his own wand, and indicated that Roberto should do the same. "The spell I am going to try and teach you is highly advanced magic, Roberto -- well beyond ordinary Wizarding Level. It is called the Patronus Charm."
　　"How does it work?" said Roberto nervously.
　　"Well, when it works correctly, It conjures up a Patronus," said Cardozo, "which is a kind of anti- dementor -- a guardian that acts as a shield between you and the dementor."
　　Roberto had a sudden vision of himself crouching behind a Villalbasized figure holding a large club. Professor Cardozo continued, "The Patronus is a kind of positive force, a projection of the very things that the dementor feeds upon -- hope, happiness, the desire to survive -- but it cannot feel despair, as real humans can, so the dementors can't hurt it. But I must warn you, Roberto, that the charm might be too advanced for you. Many qualified wizards have difficulty with it."
　　"What does a Patronus look like?" said Roberto curiously.
　　"Each one is unique to the wizard who conjures it."
　　"And how do you conjure it?"
　　"With an incantation, which will work only if you are concentrating, with all your might, on a single, very happy memory."
　　Roberto cast his mind about for a happy memory. Certainly, nothing that had happened to him at the Carrizos' was going to do. Finally, he settled on the moment when he had first ridden a broomstick.
　　"Right," he said, trying to recall as exactly as possible the wonderful, soaring sensation of his stomach.
　　"The incantation is this --" Cardozo cleared his throat. "Expecto patronum!"
　　"Expecto patronum, " Roberto repeated under his breath, "expecto patronum."
　　"Concentrating hard on your happy memory?"
　　"Oh -- yeah --" said Roberto, quickly forcing his thoughts back to that first broom ride. "Expecto patrono -- no, patronum -- sorry -- expecto patronum, expecto patronum"
　　Something whooshed suddenly out of the end of his wand; it looked like a wisp of silvery gas.
　　"Did you see that?" said Roberto excitedly. "Something happened!"
　　"Very good," said Cardozo, smiling. "Right, then -- ready to try it on a dementor?"
　　"Yes," Roberto said, gripping his wand very tightly, and moving into the middle of the deserted classroom. He tried to keep his mind on flying, but something else kept intruding.... Any second now, he might hear his mother again... but he shouldn't think that, or he would hear her again, and he didn't want to... or did he?
　　Cardozo grasped the lid of the packing case and pulled.
　　A dementor rose slowly from the box, its hooded face turned toward Roberto, one glistening, scabbed hand gripping its cloak. The lamps around the classroom flickered and went out. The dementor stepped from the box and started to sweep silently toward Roberto, drawing a deep, rattling breath. A wave of piercing cold broke over him --
　　"Expecto patronum!" Roberto yelled. "Expecto patronum! Expecto --"
　　But the classroom and the dementor were dissolving.... Roberto was failing again through thick white fog, and his mother's voice was louder than ever, echoing inside his head -- "Not Roberto! Not Roberto! please -- I'll do anything!"
　　"Stand aside. Stand aside, girl!"
　　"Roberto!"
　　Roberto jerked back to life. He was lying flat on his back on the floor. The classroom lamps were alight again. He didn't have to ask what had happened.
　　"Sorry," he muttered, sitting up and feeling cold sweat trickling down behind his glasses.
　　"Are you all right?" said Cardozo.
　　"Yes..." Roberto pulled himself up on one of the desks and leaned against it.
　　"Here --" Cardozo handed him a Paulacolate Frog. "Eat this before we try again. I didn't expect you to do it your first time; in fact, I would have been astounded if you had."
　　"It's getting worse," Roberto muttered, biting off the Frog's head. "I could hear her louder that time -- and him -- Salvador
　　Cardozo looked paler than usual. ,
　　"Roberto, if you don't want to continue, I will more than understand --"
　　"I do!" said Roberto fiercely, stuffing the rest of the Paulacolate Frog into his mouth. "I've got to! What if the dementors turn up at our match against Ravenclaw? I can't afford to fall off again. If we lose this game we've lost the Quidditch Cup!"
　　"All right then... " said Cardozo. "You might want to select 'other memory, a happy memory, I mean, to concentrate on.... That one doesn't seem to have been strong enough...."
　　Roberto thought hard and decided his feelings when Gryffindor had won the House Championship last year had definitely qualified as very happy. He gripped his wand tightly again and took up his position in the middle of the classroom.
　　"Ready?" said Cardozo, gripping the box lid.
　　"Ready," said Roberto; trying hard to fill his head with happy thoughts about Gryffindor winning, and not dark thoughts about what was going to happen when the box opened.
　　"Go!" said Cardozo, pulling off the lid. The room went icily cold and dark once more. The dementor glided forward, drawing its breath; one rotting hand was extending toward Roberto -
　　"Expecto patronum!" Roberto yelled. "Expecto patronum! Expecto Pat --"
　　White fog obscured his senses... big, blurred shapes were moving around him... then came a new voice, a man's voice, shouting, panicking --
　　"Sofia, take Roberto and go! It's him! Go! Run! I'll hold him off --"
　　The sounds of someone stumbling ftom a room -- a door bursting open -- a cackle of high- pitched laughter --
　　"Roberto! Roberto... wake up...."
　　Cardozo was tapping Roberto hard on the face. This time it was a minute before Roberto understood why he was lying on a dusty classroom floor.
　　"I heard my dad," Roberto mumbled. "That's the first time I've ever heard him -- he tried to take on Salvador himself, to give my mum time to run for it...."
　　Roberto suddenly realized that there were tears on his face mingling with the sweat. He bent his face as low as possible, wiping them off on his robes, pretending to do up his shoelace, so that Cardozo wouldn't see.
　　"You heard Ricardo?" said Cardozo in a strange voice.
　　"Yeah..." Face dry, Roberto looked up. "Why -- you didn't know my dad, did you?"
　　"I -- I did, as a matter of fact," said Cardozo. "We were friends at Hogwarts. Listen, Roberto -- perhaps we should leave it here for tonight. This charm is ridiculously advanced.... I shouln't have suggested putting you through this...."
　　"No!" said Roberto. He got up again. "I'll have one more go! I'm not thinking of happy enough things, that's what it is.... Hang on...."
　　He racked his brains. A really, really happy memory... one that he could turn into a good, strong Patronus...
　　The moment when he'd first found out he was a wizard, and would be leaving the Carrizos for Hogwarts! If that wasn't a happy memory, he didn't know what was.... Concentrating very hard on how he had felt when he'd realized he'd be leaving Privet Drive, Roberto got to his feet and faced the packing case once more.
　　"Ready?" said Cardozo, who looked as though he were doing this against his better judgment. "Concentrating hard? All right -- go!"
　　He pulled off the lid of the case for the third time, and the dementor rose out of it; the room fell cold and dark
　　'EXPECTO PATDIEGOUM!" Roberto bellowed. "EXPECTO PATDIEGOUM! EXPECTO PATDIEGOUM! "
　　The screaming inside Roberto's head had started again -- except this time, it sounded as though it were coming from a badly tuned radio -- softer and louder and softer again -- and he could still see the dementor -- it had halted -- and then a huge, silver shadow came bursting out of the end of Roberto's wand, to hover between him and the dementor, and though Roberto's legs felt like water, he was still on his feet -- though for how much longer, he wasn't sure --
　　"Riddikulus!" roared Cardozo, springing forward.
　　There was a loud crack, and Roberto's cloudy Patronus vanished along with the dementor; he sank into a chair, feeling as exhausted as if he'd just run a mile, and felt his legs shaking. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Professor Cardozo forcing the boggart back into the packing case with his wand; it had turned into a silvery orb again.
　　"Excellent!" Cardozo said, striding over to where Roberto sat. "Excellent, Roberto! That was definitely a start!"
　　"Can we have another go? Just one more go?"
　　"Not now," said Cardozo firmly. "You've had enough for one night. Here --"
　　He handed Roberto a large bar of Honeydukes' best chocolate.
　　"Eat the lot, or Madam Pomfrey will be after my blood. Same time next week?"
　　"Okay," said Roberto. He took a bite of the chocolate and watched Cardozo extinguishing the lamps that had rekindled with the disappearance of the dementor. A thought had just occurred to him.
　　"Professor Cardozo?" he said. "If you knew my dad, you must've known Gustavo Martinez as well."
　　Cardozo turned very quickly.
　　"What gives you that idea?" he said sharply.
　　"Nothing -- I mean, I just knew they were friends at Hogwarts too...."
　　Cardozo's face relaxed.
　　"Yes, I knew him," he said shortly. "Or I thought I did. You'd better be off, Roberto, it's getting late."
　　Roberto left the classroom, walking along the corridor and around a corner, then took a detour behind a suit of armor and sank down on its plinth to finish his chocolate, wishing he hadn't mentioned Martinez, as Cardozo was obviously not keen on the subject. Then Roberto's thoughts wandered back to his mother and father...
　　He felt drained and strangely empty, even though he was so full of chocolate. Terrible though it was to hear his parents' last moments replayed inside his head, these were the only times Roberto had heard their voices since he was a very small child. But he'd never be able to produce a proper Patronus if he half wanted to hear his parents again....
　　"They're dead," he told himself sternly. "They're dead and listening to echoes of them won't bring them back. You'd better get a grip on yourself if you want that Quidditch Cup."
　　He stood up, crammed the last bit of chocolate into his mouth, and headed back to Gryffindor Tower.
　　Ravenclaw played Slytherin a week after the start of term. Slytherin won, though narrowly. According to Wood, this was good news for Gryffindor, who would take second place if they beat Ravenclaw too. He therefore increased the number of team practices to five a leek. This meant that with Cardozo's anti-dementor classes, which in themselves were more draining than six Quidditch practices, Roberto had just one night a week to do all his homework. Even so, he was showing the strain nearly as much as Carolina, whose immense workload finally seemed to be getting to her. Every night, without fail, Carolina was to be seen in a corner of the common room, several tables spread with books, Arithmancy charts, rune dictionaries, diagrams of Muggles lifting heavy objects, and file upon file of extensive notes; she barely spoke to anybody and snapped when she was interrupted.
　　"How's she doing it?" Diego muttered to Roberto one evening as Roberto sat finishing a nasty essay on Undetectable Poisons for Peralta. Roberto looked up. Carolina was barely visible behind a tottering pile of books.
　　"Doing what?"
　　"Getting to all her classes!" Diego said. "I heard her talking to Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch, this morning. They were going on about yesterday's lesson, but Carolina can't 've been there, because she was with us in Care of Magical Creatures! And Ernie McMillan told me she's never missed a Muggle Studies class, but half of them are at the same time as Divination, and she's never missed one of them either!"
　　Roberto didn't have time to fathom the mystery of Carolina's impossible schedule at the moment; he really needed to get on with Peralta's essay. Two seconds later, however, he was interrupted again, this time by Wood.
　　"Bad news, Roberto. I've just been to see Professor Romero about the Firebolt. She -- er -- got a bit shirty with me. Told m' I'd got my priorities wrong. Seemed to think I cared more about winning the Cup than I do about you staying alive. Just because I told her I didn't care if it threw you off, as long as you caught the Snitch first." Wood shook his head in disbelief. "Honestly, the way she was yelling at me... you'd think I'd said something terrible... then I asked her how much longer she was going to keep it. He screwed up his face and imitated Professor Romero's severe voice. 'As long as necessary, Wood'... I reckon it's time you ordered a new broom, Roberto. There's an order form at the back of Which Broomstick... you could get a Nimbus Two Thousand and One, like Sosa's got."
　　"I'm not buying anything Sosa thinks is good," said Roberto flatly.
　　January faded imperceptibly into February, with no change in the bitterly cold weather. The match against Ravenclaw was drawing nearer and nearer, but Roberto still hadn't ordered a new broom. He was now asking Professor Romero for news of the Firebolt after every Transfiguration lesson, Diego standing hopefully at his shoulder, Carolina rushing past with her face averted.
　　"No, Gonzales, you can't have it back yet," Professor Romero told him the twelfth time this happened, before he'd even opened his mouth. "We've checked for most of the usual curses, but Professor Flitwick believes the broom might be carrying a Hurling Hex. I shall tell you once we've finished checking it. Now, please stop badgering me."
　　To make matters even worse, Roberto's anti-dementor lessons were not going nearly as well as he had hoped. Several sessions on, he was able to produce an indistinct, silvery shadow every time the boggart-dementor approached him, but his Patronus was too feeble to drive the dementor away. All it did was hover, like a semitransparent cloud, draining Roberto of energy as he fought to keep it there. Roberto felt angry with himself, guilty about his secret desire to hear his parents' voices again.
　　"You're expecting too much of yourself," said Professor Cardozo, sternly in their fourth week of practice. "For a thirteen-year-old wizard, even an indistinct Patronus is a huge achievement. You aren't passing out anymore, are you?"
　　I thought a Patronus would -- charge the dementors down or something," said Roberto dispiritedly. "Make them disappear --"
　　"The true Patronus does do that," said Cardozo. "But you've achieved a great deal in a very short space of time. If the dementors put in an appearance at your next Quidditch match, You will be able to keep them at bay long enough to get back to the ground."
　　"You said it's harder if there are loads of them," said Roberto.
　　"I have complete confidence in you," said Cardozo, smiling. "Here -- you've earned a drink - something from the Three Broomsticks. You won't have tried it before --"
　　He pulled two bottles out of his briefcase.
　　"Butterbeer!" said Roberto, without thinking. "Yeah, I like that stuff!"
　　Cardozo raised an eyebrow.
　　"Oh -Diego and Carolina brought me some back from Hogsmeade," Roberto lied quickly.
　　I see," said Cardozo, though he still looked slightly suspicious. "Well -- let's drink to a Gryffindor victory against Ravenclaw! Not that I'm supposed to take sides, as a teacher... " he added hastily
　　They drank the butterbeer in silence, until Roberto voiced something he'd been wondering for a while.
　　"What's under a dementor's hood?"
　　Professor Cardozo lowered his bottle thoughtfully.
　　"Hmmm... well, the only people who really know are in no condition to tell us. You see, the dementor lowers its hood only to use its last and worst weapon."
　　"What's that?"
　　"They call it the Dementor's Kiss," said Cardozo, with a slightly twisted smile. "It's what dementors do to those they wish to destroy utterly. I suppose there must be some kind of mouth under there, because they clamp their jaws upon the mouth of the victim and -- and suck out his soul."
　　Roberto accidentally spat out a bit of butterbeer.
　　"What -- they kill --?"
　　"Oh no," said Cardozo. "Much worse than that. You can exist without your soul, you know, as long as your brain and heart are still working. But you'll have no sense of self anymore, no memory, no. .. anything. There's no chance at all of recovery. You'll just exist. As an empty shell. And your soul is gone forever... lost."
　　Cardozo drank a little more butterbeer, then said, "It's the fate that awaits Gustavo Martinez. It was in the Daily Prophet this morning. The Ministry have given the dementors permission to perform it if they find him."
　　Roberto sat stunned for a moment at the idea of someone having their soul sucked out through their mouth. But then he thought of Martinez.
　　"He deserves it," he said suddenly.
　　"You think so?" said Cardozo lightly. "Do you really think anyone deserves that?"
　　"Yes," said Roberto defiantly. "For... for some things..."
　　He would have liked to have told Cardozo about the conversation he'd overheard about Martinez in the Three Broomsticks, about Martinez betraying his mother and father, but it would have involved revealing that he'd gone to Hogsmeade without permission, and he knew Cardozo wouldn't be very impressed by that. So he finished his butterbeer, thanked Cardozo, and left the History of Magic classroom.
　　Roberto half wished that he hadn't asked what was under a dementor's hood, the answer had been so horrible, and he was so lost in unpleasant thoughts of what it would feel like to have your soul sucked out of you that he walked headlong into Professor Romero halfway up the stairs.
　　"Do watch where you're going, Gonzales!"
　　"Sorry, Professor --"
　　"I've just been looking for you in the Gryffindor common room, Well, here it is, we've done everything we could think of, and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it at all. You've got a very good friend somewhere, Gonzales...."
　　Roberto's jaw dropped. She was holding out his Firebolt, and it looked as magnificent as ever.
　　"I can have it back?" Roberto said weakly. "Seriously?"
　　"Seriously," said Professor Romero, and she was actually smiling. "I daresay you'll need to get the feel of it before Saturday's match, won't you? And Gonzales -- do try and win, won't you? Or we'll be out of the running for the eighth year. in a row, as Professor Peralta was kind enough to remind me only last night...."
　　Speechless, Roberto carried the Firebolt back upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower. As he turned a corner, he saw Diego dashing toward him, grinning from ear to ear.
　　"She gave it to You? Excellent! Listen, can I still have a go on it? Oscarorrow?"
　　"Yeah... anything," said Roberto, his heart lighter than it had been in a month. "You know what -- we should make up with Carolina.... She was only trying to help...."
　　"Yeah, all right," said Diego. "She's in the common room how working, for a change --"
　　They turned into the corridor to Gryffindor Tower and saw Mauricio Silva, pleading with Sir Cadogan, who seemed to be refusing him entrance.
　　"I wrote them down!" Mauricio was saying tearfully. "But I must've dropped them somewhere!"
　　"A likely tale!" roared Sir Cadogan. Then, spotting Roberto and Diego: "Good even, my fine young yeomen! Come clap this loon in irons. He is trying to force entry to the chambers within!"
　　"Oh, shut up," said Diego as he and Roberto drew level with Mauricio.
　　"I've lost the passwords!" Mauricio told them miserably. "I made him tell me what passwords he was going to use this week, because he keeps changing them, and now I don't know what I've done with them!"
　　"Oddsbodikins," said Roberto to Sir Cadogan, who looked extremely disappointed and reluctantly swung forward to let them into the common room. There was a sudden, excited murmur as every head turned and the next moment, Roberto was surrounded by people exclaiming over his Firebolt.
　　"Where'd you get it, Roberto?"
　　"Will you let me have a go?" "Have you ridden it yet, Roberto?"
　　"Ravenclaw'll have no chance, they're all on Cleansweep Sevens!"
　　"Can I just hold it, Roberto?"
　　After ten minutes or so, during which the Firebolt was Passed around and admired from every angle, the crowd dispersed and Roberto and Diego had a clear view of Carolina, the only person who hadn't rushed over to them, bent over her work and carefully avoiding their eyes. Roberto and Diego approached her table and at last, she looked up.
　　"I got it back," said Roberto, grinning at her and holding up the Firebolt.
　　"See, Carolina? There wasn't anything wrong with it!" said Diego.
　　"Well -- there might have been!" said Carolina. "I mean, at least you know now that it's safe!"
　　"Yeah, I suppose so," said Roberto. "Id better put it upstairs."
　　"I'll take it!" said Diego eagerly. "I've got to give Scabbers his rat tonic."
　　He took the Firebolt and, holding it as if it were made of glass, carried it away up the boys' staircase.
　　"Can I sit down, then?" Roberto asked Carolina.
　　"I suppose so," said Carolina, moving a great stack of parchment off a chair.
　　Roberto looked around at the cluttered table, at the long Arithmancy essay on which the ink was still glistening, at the even longer Muggle Studies essay ("Explain Why Muggles Need Electricity" and at the rune translation Carolina was now poring over.
　　"How are you getting through all this stuff?" Roberto asked her.
　　"Oh, well -- you know -- working hard," said Carolina. Close-up, Roberto saw that she looked almost as tired as Cardozo.
　　"Why don't you just drop a couple of subjects?" Roberto asked, watching her lifting books as she searched for her rune dictionary.
　　"I couldn't do that!" said Carolina, looking scandalized.
　　"Arithmancy looks terrible," said Roberto, picking up a very complicated-looking number chart.
　　"Oh no, it's wonderful!" said Carolina earnestly. "It's my favorite subject! It's --"
　　But exactly what was wonderful about Arithmancy, Roberto never found out. At that precise moment, a strangled yell echoed down the boys' staircase. The whole common room fell silent, staring, petrified, at the entrance. Then came hurried footsteps, growing louder and louder -- and then Diego came leaping into view, dragging with him a bedsheet.
　　"LOOK!" he bellowed, striding over to Carolina's table.
　　"LOOK!" he yelled, shaking the sheets in her face.
　　"Diego, what --?"
　　"SCABBERS! LOOK! SCABBERS!"
　　Carolina was leaning away from Diego, looking utterly bewildered. Roberto looked down at the sheet Diego was holding. There was something red on it. Something that looked horribly like --
　　"BLOOD!" Diego yelled into the stunned silence. "HE'S GONE! AND YOU KNOW WHAT WAS ON THE FLOOR?"
　　"N -- no," said Carolina in a trembling voice.
　　Diego threw something down onto Carolina's rune translation. Carolina and Roberto leaned forward. Lying on top of the weird, spiky shapes were several long, ginger cat hairs.
　　CHAPTER THIRTEEN
　　GRYFFINDOR VERSUS RAVENCLAW
　　It looked like the end of Diego and Carolina's friendship. Each was so angry with the other that Roberto couldn't see how they'd ever make up.
　　Diego was enraged that Carolina had never taken Crookshanks's attempts to eat Scabbers seriously, hadn't bothered to keep a close enough watch on him, and was still trying to pretend that Crookshanks was innocent by suggesting that Diego look for Scabbers under all the boys' beds. Carolina, meanwhile, maintained fiercely that Diego had no proof that Crookshanks had eaten Scabbers, that the ginger hairs might have been there since Christmas, and that Diego had been prejudiced against her cat ever since Crookshanks had landed on Diego's head in the Magical Menagerie.
　　Personally, Roberto was sure that Crookshanks had eaten Scabbers, and when he tried to point out to Carolina that the evidence all pointed that way, she lost her temper with Roberto too.
　　"Okay, side with Diego, I knew you would!" she said shrilly. "First the Firebolt, now Scabbers, everything's my fault, isn't it! just leave me alone, Roberto, I've got a lot of work to do!"
　　Diego had taken the loss of his rat very hard indeed.
　　"Come on, Diego, you were always saying how boring Scabbers was," said Pablo bracingly. "And he's been off-color for ages, he was wasting away. It was probably better for him to snuff it quickly -- one swallow -- he probably didn't feel a thing."
　　"Pablo!" said Martina indignantly.
　　"All he did was eat and sleep, Diego, you said it yourself," said Luis.
　　"He bit Goyle for us once!" Diego said miserably. "Remember, Roberto?"
　　"Yeah, that's true," said Roberto.
　　"His finest hour," said Pablo, unable to keep a straight face. "Let the scar on Goyle's finger stand as a lasting tribute to his memory. Oh, come on, Diego, get yourself down to Hogsmeade and buy a new rat, what's the point of moaning?"
　　In a last-ditch attempt to cheer Diego up, Roberto persuaded him to come along to the Gryffindor team's final practice before the Ravenclaw match, so that he could have a ride on the Firebolt after they'd finished. This did seem to take Diego's mind off Scabbers for a moment ("Great! Can I try and shoot a few goals on it?") so they set off for the Quidditch field together.
　　Madam Hooch, who was still overseeing Gryffindor practices to keep an eye on Roberto, was just as impressed with the Firebolt as everyone else had been. She took it in her hands before takeoff and gave them the benefit of her professional opinion.
　　"Look at the balance on it! If the Nimbus series has a fault, it's a slight list to the tail end -- you often find they develop a drag after a few years. They've updated the handle too, a bit slimmer than the Cleansweeps, reminds me of the old Silver Arrows -- a Pity they've stopped making them. I learned to fly on one, and a very fine old broom it was too...."
　　She continued in this vein for some time, until Wood said, "Er -- Madam Hooch? Is it okay if Roberto has the Firebolt back? We need to practice...."
　　"Oh -- right -- here you are, then, Gonzales," said Madam Hooch. "I'll sit over here with Lopez...."
　　She and Diego left the field to sit in the stadium, and the Gryffindor team gathered around Wood for his final instructions for tomorrow's match.
　　"Roberto, I've just found out who Ravenclaw is playing as Seeker. It's Paula Mejia. She's a fourth year, and she's pretty good.... I really hoped she wouldn't be fit, she's had some problems with injuries...." Wood scowled his displeasure that Paula Mejia had made a full recovery, then said, "On the other hand, she rides a Comet Two Sixty, which is going to look like a joke next to the Firebolt." He gave Roberto's broom a look of fervent admiration, then said, "Okay, everyone, let's go -- "
　　And at long last, Roberto mounted his Firebolt, and kicked off from the ground.
　　It was better than he'd ever dreamed. The Firebolt turned with the lightest touch; it seemed to obey his thoughts rather than his grip; it sped across the field at such speed that the stadium turned into a green-and-gray blur; Roberto turned it so sharply that Alicia Spinnet screamed, then he went into a perfectly controlled dive, brushing the grassy field with his toes before rising thirty, forty, fifty feet into the air again.
　　"Roberto, I'm letting the Snitch out!" Wood called.
　　Roberto turned and raced a Bludger toward the goal posts; he outstripped it easily, saw the Snitch dart out from behind Wood, and within ten seconds had caught it tightly in his hand.
　　The team cheered madly. Roberto let the Snitch go again, gave it a minute's head start, then tore after it, weaving in and out of the others; he spotted it lurking near Katie Bell's knee, looped her easily, and caught it again.
　　It was the best practice ever; the team, inspired by the presence of the Firebolt in their midst, performed their best moves faultlessly, and by the time they hit the ground again, Wood didn't have a single criticism to make, which, as Luis Lopez pointed out, was a first.
　　"I can't see what's going to stop us tomorrow!" said Wood. "Not unless -- Roberto, you've sorted out your dementor problem, haven't you?"
　　"Yeah," said Roberto, thinking of his feeble Patronus and wishing it were stronger.
　　"The dementors won't turn up again, Oliver. Dominguez'd go ballistic," said Pablo confidently.
　　"Well, let's hope not," said Wood. "Anyway -- good work, everyone. Let's get back to the tower... turn in early --"
　　"I'm staying out for a bit; Diego wants a go on the Firebolt," Roberto told Wood, and while the rest of the team headed off to the locker rooms, Roberto strode over to Diego, who vaulted the barrier to the stands and came to meet him. Madam Hooch had fallen asleep in her seat.
　　"Here you go," said Roberto, handing Diego the Firebolt.
　　Diego, an expression of ecstasy on his face, mounted the broom and zoomed off into the gathering darkness while Roberto walked around the edge of the field, watching him. Night had fallen before Madam Hooch awoke with a start, told Roberto and Diego off for not waking her, and insisted that they go back to the castle.
　　Roberto shouldered the Firebolt and he and Diego walked out of the shadowy stadium, discussing the Firebolt's superbly smooth action, its phenomenal acceleration, and its pinpoint turning. They were halfway toward the castle when Roberto, glancing to his left, saw something that made his heart turn over -- a pair of eyes, gleaming out of the darkness.
　　Roberto stopped dead, his heart banging against his ribs.
　　"What's the matter?" said Diego.
　　Roberto pointed. Diego pulled out his wand and muttered, "Lumos!"
　　A beam of light fell across the grass, hit the bottom of a tree, and illuminated its branches; there, crouching among the budding leaves, was Crookshanks.
　　"Get out of here!" Diego roared, and he stooped down and seized a stone lying on the grass, but before he could do anything else, Crookshanks had vanished with one swish of his long ginger tail.
　　"See?" Diego said furiously, chucking the stone down again. "She's still letting him wander about wherever he wants -- probably washing down Scabbers with a couple of birds now...."
　　Roberto didn't say anything. He took a deep breath as relief seeped through him; he had been sure for a moment that those eyes had belonged to the Grim. They set off for the castle once more. slightly ashamed of his moment of panic, Roberto didn't say anything to Diego -- nor did he look left or right until they had reached the well-lit entrance hall.
　　Roberto went down to breakfast the next morning with the rest of the boys in his dormitory, all of whom seemed to think the Firebolt deserved a sort of guard of honor. As Roberto entered the Great Hall, heads turned in the direction of the Firebolt, and there was a good deal of excited muttering. Roberto saw, with enormous satisfaction, that the Slytherin team were all looking thunderstruck.
　　"Did you see his face?" said Diego gleefully, looking back at Malfay. "He can't believe it! This is brilliant!"
　　Wood, too, was basking in the reflected glory of the Firebolt.
　　"Put it here, Roberto," he said, laying the broom in the middle of the table and carefully turning it so that its name faced upward. People from the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were soon coming over to look. Nicolas Ortega came over to congratulate Roberto on having acquired such a superb replacement for his Nimbus, and Miguel's Ravenclaw girlfriend, Penelope Clearwater, asked if she could actually hold the Firebolt.
　　"Now, now, Penny, no sabotage!" said Miguel heartily as she examined the Firebolt closely. "Penelope and I have got a bet on," he told the team. "Ten Galleons on the outcome of the match!"
　　Penelope put the Firebolt down again, thanked Roberto, and went back to her table.
　　"Roberto -- make sure you win," said Miguel, in an urgent whisper. "I haven't got ten Galleons. Yes, I'm coming, Penny!" And-he bustled off to join her in a piece of toast.
　　"Sure you can manage that broom, Gonzales?" said a cold, drawling voice.
　　Javier Sosa had arrived for a closer look, Crabbe and Coyle right behind him.
　　"Yeah, reckon so," said Roberto casually.
　　"Got plenty of special features, hasn't it?" said Sosa, eyes glittering maliciously. "Shame it doesn't come with a parachute -- in case you get too near a dementor."
　　Crabbe and Goyle sniggered.
　　"Pity you can't attach an extra arm to yours, Sosa," said Roberto. "Then it could catch the Snitch for you."
　　The Gryffindor team laughed loudly. Sosa's pale eyes narrowed, and he stalked away. They watched him rejoin the rest of the Slytherin team, who put their heads together, no doubt asking Sosa whether Roberto's broom really was a Firebolt.
　　At a quarter to eleven, the Gryffindor team set off for the locker rooms. The weather couldn't have been more different from their match against Hufflepuff. It was a clear, cool day with a very light breeze; there would be no visibility problems this time, and Roberto, though nervous, was starting to feel the excitement only a Quidditch match could bring. They could hear the rest of the school moving into the stadium beyond. Roberto took off his black school robes, removed his wand from his pocket, and stuck it inside the T-shirt he was going to wear under his Quidditch robes. He only hoped he wouldn't need it. He wondered suddenly whether Professor Cardozo was in the crowd, watching.
　　"You know what we've got to do," said Wood as they prepared to leave the locker rooms. "If we lose this match, we're out of the running. just -- just fly like you did in practice yesterday, and we'll be okay!"
　　They walked out onto the field to tumultuous applause. The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue, were already standing in the middle of the field. Their Seeker, Paula Mejia, was the only girl on their team. She was shorter than Roberto by about a head, and Roberto couldn't help noticing, nervous as he was, that she was extremely pretty. She smiled at Roberto as the teams faced each other behind their captains, and he felt a slight lurch in the region of his stomach that he didn't think had anything to do with nerves.
　　"Wood, Davies, shake hands," Madam Hooch said briskly, and Wood shook hands with the Ravenclaw Captain.
　　"Mount your brooms... on my whistle... three -- two -- one --"
　　Roberto kicked off into the air and the Firebolt zoomed higher and faster than any other broom; he soared around the stadium and began squinting around for the Snitch, listening all the while to the commentary, which was being provided by the Lopez twins' friend Lee Jordan.
　　"They're off, and the big excitement this match is the Firebolt that Roberto Gonzales is flying for Gryffindor. According to Which Broomstick, the Firebolt's going to be the broom of choice for the national teams at this year's World Championship --"
　　"Jordan, would you mind telling us what's going on in the match?" interrupted Professor Romero's voice.
　　"Right you are, Professor -- just giving a bit of background information -- the Firebolt, incidentally, has a built-in auto-brake and --"
　　"Jordan!"
　　"Okay, okay, Gryffindor in possession, Katie Bell of Gryffindor, heading for goal..."
　　Roberto streaked past Katie in the opposite direction, gazing around for a glint of gold and noticing that Paula Mejia was tailing him closely. She was undoubtedly a very good flier -- she kept cutting across him, forcing him to change direction.
　　"Show her your acceleration, Roberto!" Pablo yelled as he whooshed past in pursuit of a Bludger that was aiming for Alicia.
　　Roberto urged the Firebolt forward as they rounded the Ravenclaw goal posts and Paula fell behind. Just as Katie succeeded in scoring the first goal of the match, and the Gryffindor end of the field went wild, he saw it -- the Snitch was close to the ground, flitting near one of the barriers.
　　Roberto dived; Paula saw what he was doing and tore after him -- Roberto was speeding up, excitement flooding him; dives were his speciality, he was ten feet away --
　　Then a Bludger, hit by one of the Ravenclaw Beaters, came pelting out of nowhere; Roberto veered off course, avoiding it by an inch, and in those few, crucial seconds, the Snitch had vanished.
　　There was a great "Ooooooh" of disappointment from the Gryffindor supporters, but much applause for their Beater from the Ravenclaw end. Luis Lopez vented his feelings by hitting the second Bludger directly at the offending Beater, who was forced to roll right over in midair to avoid it.
　　"Gryffindor leads by eighty points to zero, and look at that Firebolt go! Gonzales's really putting it through its paces now, see it turn -- Mejia's Comet is just no match for it, the Firebolt's precision- balance is really noticeable in these long --"
　　"JORDAN! ARE YOU BEING PAID TO ADVERTISE FIREBOLTS? GET ON WITH THE COMMENTARY!"
　　Ravenclaw was pulling back; they had now scored three goals, which put Gryffindor only fifty points ahead -- if Paula got the Snitch before him, Ravenclaw would win. Roberto dropped lower, narrowly avoiding a Ravenclaw Chaser, scanning the field frantically -- a glint of gold, a flutter of tiny wings -- the Snitch was circling the Gryffindor goal post --
　　Roberto accelerated, eyes fixed on the speck of gold ahead -- but just then, Paula appeared out of thin air, blocking him --
　　"ROBERTO, THIS IS NO TIME TO BE A GENTLEMAN!" Wood roared as Roberto swerved to avoid a collision. "KNOCK HER OFF HER BROOM IF YOU HAVE TO!"
　　Roberto turned and caught sight of Paula; she was grinning. The Snitch had vanished again. Roberto turned his Firebolt upward and was soon twenty feet above the game. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Paula following him.... She'd decided to mark him rather than search for the Snitch herself... All right, then... if she wanted to tail him, she'd have to take the consequences....
　　He dived again, and Paula, thinking he'd seen the Snitch, tried to follow; Roberto pulled out of the dive very sharply; she hurtled downward; he rose fast as a bullet once more, and then saw it, for the third time -- the Snitch was glittering way above the field at the Ravenclaw end.
　　He accelerated; so, many feet below, did Paula. He was winning, gaining on the Snitch with every second -- then --
　　"Oh!" screamed Paula, pointing.
　　Distracted, Roberto looked down.
　　Three dementors, three tall, black, hooded dementors, were looking up at him.
　　He didn't stop to think. Plunging a hand down the neck of his robes, he whipped out his wand and roared, "Expecto patronum!"
　　Something silver-white, something enormous, erupted from the end of his wand. He knew it had shot directly at the dementors but didn't pause to watch; his mind still miraculously clear, he looked ahead -- he was nearly there. He stretched out the hand still grasping his wand and just managed to close his fingers over the small, struggling Snitch.
　　Madam Hooch's whistle sounded. Roberto turned around in midair and saw six scarlet blurs bearing down on him; next moment, the whole team was hugging him so hard he was nearly pulled off his broom. Down below he could hear the roars of the Gryffindors in the crowd.
　　"That's my boy!" Wood kept yelling. Alicia, Angelina, and Katie had all kissed Roberto; Pablo had him in a grip so tight Roberto felt as though his head would come off In complete disarray, the team managed to make its way back to the ground. Roberto got off his broom and looked up to see a gaggle of Gryffindor supporters sprinting onto the field, Diego in the lead. Before he knew it, he had been engulfed by the cheering crowd.
　　"Yes!" Diego yelled, yanking Roberto's arm into the air. "Yes! Yes!"
　　"Well done, Roberto!" said Miguel, looking delighted. "Ten Galleons to me! Must find Penelope, excuse me --"
　　"Good for you, Roberto!" roared Seamus Finnigan.
　　"Ruddy brilliant!" boomed Villalba over the heads of the milling Gryffindors.
　　"That was quite some Patronus," said a voice in Roberto's ear.
　　Roberto turned around to see Professor Cardozo, who looked both shaken and pleased.
　　"The dementors didn't affect me at all!" Roberto said excitedly. "I didn't feel a thing!"
　　"That would be because they -- er -- weren't dementors," said Professor Cardozo. "Come and see -- "
　　He led Roberto out of the crowd until they were able to see the edge of the field.
　　"You gave Mr. Sosa quite a fright," said Cardozo.
　　Roberto stared. Lying in a crumpled heap on the ground were Sosa, Crabbe, Goyle, and Marcus Flint, the Slytherin team Captain, all struggling to remove themselves from long, black, hooded robes. It looked as though Sosa had been standing on Goyle's shoulders. Standing over them, with an expression of the utmost fury on her face, was Professor Romero.
　　"An unworthy trick!" she was shouting. "A low and cowardly attempt to sabotage the Gryffindor Seeker! Detention for all of you, and fifty points from Slytherin! I shall be speaking to Professor Dominguez about this, make no mistake! Ah, here he comes now!"
　　If anything could have set the seal on Gryffindor's victory, it was this. Diego, who had fought his way through to Roberto's side, doubled up with laughter as they watched Sosa fighting to extricate himself from the robe, Goyle's head still stuck inside it.
　　"Come on, Roberto!" said Luis, fighting his way over. "Party! Gryffindor common room, now!"
　　"Right," said Roberto, and feeling happier than he had in ages, he and the rest of the team led the way, still in their scarlet robes, out of the stadium and back up to the castle.
　　It felt as though they had already won the Quidditch Cup; the party went on all day and well into the night. Pablo and Luis Lopez disappeared for a couple of hours and returned with armfuls of bottles of butterbeer, pumpkin fizz, and several bags full of Honeydukes sweets.
　　"How did you do that?" squealed Angelina Johnson as Luis started throwing Peppermint Toads into the crowd.
　　"With a little help from Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs," Pablo muttered in Roberto's ear.
　　Only one person wasn't joining in the festivities. Carolina, incredibly, was sitting in a corner, attempting to read an enormous book entitled Home Life and Social Habits of British Muggles. Roberto broke away from the table where Pablo and Luis had started juggling butterbeer bottles and went over to her.
　　"Did you even come to the match?" he asked her.
　　"Of course I did," said Carolina in a strangely high-pitched voice, not looking up. "And I'm very glad we won, and I think you did really well, but I need to read this by Monday."
　　"Come on, Carolina, come and have some food," Roberto said, looking over at Diego and wondering whether he was in a good enough mood to bury the hatchet.
　　"I can't, Roberto. I've still got four hundred and twenty-two pages to read!" said Carolina, now sounding slightly hysterical. "Anyway..." She glanced over at Diego too. "He doesn't want me to join in."
　　There was no arguing with this, as Diego chose that moment to say loudly, "If Scabbers hadn't just been eaten, he could have had some of those Fudge Flies. He used to really like them --"
　　Carolina burst into tears. Before Roberto could say or do anything, she tucked the enormous book under her arm, and, still sobbing, ran toward the staircase to the girls' dormitories and out of sight.
　　"Can't you give her a break?" Roberto asked Diego quietly.
　　"No," said Diego flatly. "If she just acted like she was sorry -- but she'll never admit she's wrong, Carolina. She's still acting like Scabbers has gone on vacation or something."
　　The Gryffindor party ended only when Professor Romero turned up in her tartan dressing gown and hair net at one in the morning, to insist that they all go to bed. Roberto and Diego climbed the stairs to their dormitory, still discussing the match. At last, exhausted, Roberto climbed into bed, twitched the hangings of his four-poster shut to block out a ray of moonlight, lay back, and felt himself almost instantly drifting off to sleep....
　　He had a very strange dream. He was walking through a forest, his Firebolt over his shoulder, following something silvery-white. It was winding its way through the trees ahead, and he could only catch glimpses of it between the leaves. Anxious to catch up with it, he sped up, but as he moved faster, so did his quarry. Roberto broke into a run, and ahead he heard hooves gathering speed. Now he was running flat out, and ahead he could hear galloping. Then he turned a corner into a clearing and -
　　"AAARRGGHH! NOOO!"
　　Roberto woke as suddenly as though he'd been hit in the face. Disoriented in the total darkness, he fumbled with his hangings, he could hear movements around him, and Seamus Finnigan's voice from the other side of the room: "What's going on?"
　　Roberto thought he heard the dormitory door slam. At last finding the divide in his curtains, he ripped them back, and at the same moment, Dean Thomas lit his lamp.
　　Diego was sitting up in bed, the hangings torn from one side, a look of utmost terror on his face.
　　"Martinez! Gustavo Martinez! With a knife!"
　　"What?"
　　"Here! Just now! Slashed the curtains! Woke me up!"
　　"You sure you weren't dreaming, Diego?" said Dean.
　　"Look at the curtains! I tell you, he was here!"
　　They all scrambled out of bed; Roberto reached the dormitory door first, and they sprinted back down the staircase. Doors opened behind them, and sleepy voices called after them.
　　"Who shouted?"
　　"What're you doing?"
　　The common room was lit with the glow of the dying fire, still littered with the debris from the party. It was deserted.
　　"Are you sure you weren't dreaming, Diego?"
　　"I'm telling you, I saw him!"
　　"What's all the noise?"
　　"Professor Romero told us to go to bed!"
　　A few of the girls had come down their staircase, pulling or, dressing gowns and yawning. Boys, too, were reappearing.
　　"Excellent, are we carrying on?" said Pablo Lopez brightly.
　　"Everyone back upstairs!" said Miguel, hurrying into the common room and pinning his Head Boy badge to his pajamas as he spoke.
　　"Perce -- Gustavo Martinez!" said Diego faintly. "In our dormitory! With a knife! Woke me up!"
　　The common room went very still.
　　"Nonsense!" said Miguel, looking startled. "You had too much to eat, Diego -- had a nightmare --"
　　"I'm telling you --"
　　"Now, really, enough's enough!"
　　Professor Romero was back. She slammed the portrait behind her as she entered the common room and stared furiously around.
　　"I am delighted that Gryffindor won the match, but this is getting ridiculous! Miguel, I expected better of you!"
　　"I certainly didn't authorize this, Professor!" said Miguel, puffing himself up indignantly. "I was just telling them all to get back to bed! My brother Diego here had a nightmare --"
　　"IT WASN'T A NIGHTMARE!" Diego yelled. "PROFESSOR, I WOKE UP, AND GUSTAVO MARTINEZ WAS STANDING OVER ME, HOLDING A KNIFE!"
　　Professor Romero stared at him.
　　"Don't be ridiculous, Lopez, how could he possibly have gotten through the portrait hole?"
　　"Ask him!" said Diego, pointing a shaking finger at the back of Sir Cadogan's picture. "Ask him if he saw --"
　　Glaring suspiciously at Diego, Professor Romero pushed the Portrait back open and went outside. The whole common room listened with bated breath. "Sir Cadogan, did you just let a man enter Gryffindor Tower?" "Certainly, good lady!" cried Sir Cadogan.
　　There was a stunned silence, both inside and outside the common room.
　　"You -- you did?" said Professor Romero. "But -- but the password!"
　　"He had 'em!" said Sir Cadogan proudly. "Had the whole week's, my lady! Read 'em off a little piece of paper!"
　　Professor Romero pulled herself back through the portrait hole to face the stunned crowd. She was white as chalk.
　　"Which person," she said, her voice shaking, "which abysmally foolish person wrote down this week's passwords and left them lying around?"
　　There was utter silence, broken by the smallest of terrified squeaks. Mauricio Silva, trembling from head to fluffy slippered toes, raised his hand slowly into the air.
　　CHAPTER FOURTEEN
　　PERALTA'S GRUDGE
　　No one in Gryffindor Tower slept that night. They knew that the castle was being searched again, and the whole House stayed awake in the common room, waiting to hear whether Martinez had been caught. Professor Romero came back at dawn, to tell them that he had again escaped.
　　Throughout the day, everywhere they went they saw signs of tighter security; Professor Flitwick could be seen teaching the front doors to recognize a large picture of Gustavo Martinez; Filch was suddenly bustling up and down the corridors, boarding up everything from tiny cracks in the walls to mouse holes. Sir Cadogan had been fired. His portrait had been taken back to its lonely landing on the seventh floor, and the Fat Lady was back. She had been expertly restored, but was still extremely nervous, and had agreed to return to her job only on condition that she was given extra protection. A bunch of surly security trolls had been hired to guard her. They paced the corridor in a menacing group, talking in grunts and comparing the size of their clubs.
　　Roberto couldn't help noticing that the statue of the one-eyed witch on the third floor remained unguarded and unblocked. It seemed that Pablo and Luis had been right in thinking that they -- and now Roberto, Diego, and Carolina -- were the only ones who knew about the hidden passageway within it.
　　"D'you reckon we should tell someone?" Roberto asked Diego.
　　"We know he's not coming in through Honeyduke's," said Diego dismissively. "We'd've heard if the shop had been broken into."
　　Roberto was glad Diego took this view. If the one-eyed witch was boarded up too, he would never be able to go into Hogsmeade again.
　　Diego had become an instant celebrity. For the first time in his life, people were paying more attention to him than to Roberto, and it was clear that Diego was rather enjoying the experience. Though still severely shaken by the night's events, he was happy to tell anyone who asked what had happened, with a wealth of detail.
　　"... I was asleep, and I heard this ripping noise, and I thought it was in my dream, you know? But then there was this draft... I woke up and one side of the hangings on my bed had been pulled down.... I rolled over... and I saw him standing over me... like a skeleton, with loads of filthy hair ... holding this great long knife, must've been twelve inches... and he looked at me, and I looked at him, and then I yelled, and he scampered.
　　"Why, though?" Diego added to Roberto as the group of secondyear girls who had been listening to his chilling tale departed. "Why did he run?"
　　Roberto had been wondering the same thing. Why had Martinez, having got the wrong bed, not silenced Diego and proceeded to Roberto? Martinez had proved twelve years ago that he didn't mind murdering innocent people, and this time he had been facing five unarmed boys, four of whom were asleep.
　　"He must've known he'd have a job getting back out of the castle once you'd yelled and woken people up," said Roberto thoughtfully. "He'd've had to kill the whole House to get back through the portrait hole... then he would' ve met the teachers...."
　　Mauricio was in total disgrace. Professor Romero was so furious with him she had banned him from all future Hogsmeade visits, given him a detention, and forbidden anyone to give him the password into the tower. Poor Mauricio was forced to wait. outside the common room every night for somebody to let him in, while the security trolls leered unpleasantly at him. None of these punishments, however, came close to matching the one his grandmother had in store for him. Two days after Martinez's break-in, she sent Mauricio the very worst thing a Hogwarts student could receive over breakfast -- a Howler.
　　The school owls swooped into the Great Hall carrying the mail as usual, and Mauricio choked as a huge barn owl landed in front of him, a scarlet envelope clutched in its beak. Roberto and Diego, who were sitting opposite him, recognized the letter as a Howler at once -- Diego had got one from his mother the year before.
　　"Run for it, Mauricio," Diego advised.
　　Mauricio didn't need telling twice. He seized the envelope, and holding it before him like a bomb, sprinted out of the hall, while the Slytherin table exploded with laughter at the sight of him. They heard the Howler go off in the entrance hall -- Mauricio's grandmother's voice, magically magnified to a hundred times its Usual volume, shrieking about how he had brought shame on the whole family.
　　Roberto was too busy feeling sorry for Mauricio to notice immediately that he had a letter too. Hedwig got his attention by nipping him sharply on the wrist.
　　"Ouch! Oh -- thanks, Hedwig."
　　Roberto tore open the envelope while Hedwig helped herself to some of Mauricio's cornflakes. The note inside said:
　　Dear Roberto and Diego, How Abut having tea with me this afternoon 'round six? I'll come collect you from the castle. WAIT FOR ME IN THE ENTRANCE HALL; YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED OUT ON YOUR OWN. Cheers, Villalba
　　"He probably wants to hear all about Martinez!" said Diego.
　　So at six o'clock that afternoon, Roberto and Diego left Gryffindor Tower, passed the security trolls at a run, and headed down to the entrance hall.
　　Villalba was already waiting for them.
　　"All right, Villalba!" said Diego. "S'pose you want to hear about Saturday night, do you?"
　　"I've already heard all abou' it," said Villalba, opening the front doors and leading them outside.
　　"Oh," said Diego, looking slightly put out.
　　The first thing they saw on entering Villalba's cabin was Buckbeak, who was stretched out on top of Villalba's patchwork quilt, his enormous wings folded tight to his body, enjoying a large plate of dead ferrets. Averting his eyes from this unpleasant sight, Roberto saw a gigantic, hairy brown suit and a very horrible yellow-and-orange tie hanging from the top of Villalba's wardrobe door.
　　"What are they for, Villalba?" said Roberto.
　　"Buckbeaks case against the Committee fer the Disposal o' Dangerous Creatures," said Villalba. "This Friday. Him an' me'll be goin' down ter London together. I've booked two beds on the Knight Bus...."
　　Roberto felt a nasty pang of guilt. He had completely forgotten that Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Diego's face, he had too. They had also forgotten their promise about helping him prepare Buckbeak's defense; the arrival of the Firebolt had driven it clean out of their minds.
　　Villalba poured them tea and offered them a plate of Bath buns but they knew better than to accept; they had had too much experience with Villalba's cooking.
　　I got somethin' ter discuss with you two," said Villalba, sitting himself between them and looking uncharacteristically serious.
　　"What?" said Roberto.
　　"Carolina," said Villalba.
　　"What about her?" said Diego.
　　"She's in a righ' state, that's what. She's bin comin' down ter visit me a lot since Chris'mas. Bin feelin' lonely. Firs' yeh weren' talking to her because o' the Firebolt, now yer not talkin' to her because her cat --"
　　"-- ate Scabbers!" Diego interjected angrily.
　　"Because her cat acted like all cats do," Villalba continued doggedly. "She's cried a fair few times, yeh know. Goin' through a rough time at the moment. Bitten off more'n she can chew, if yeh ask me, all the work she's tryin' ter do. Still found time ter help me with Buckbeak's case, mind.... She's found some really good stuff fer me... reckon he'll stand a good chance now..."
　　"Villalba, we should've helped as well -- sorry --" Roberto began awkwardly.
　　"I'm not blamin' yeh!" said Villalba, waving Roberto's apology aside. "Gawd knows yeh've had enough ter be gettin' on with. I've seen yeh practicin' Quidditch ev'ry hour o' the day an' night -- but I gotta tell yeh, I thought you two'd value yer friend more'n broomsticks or rats. Tha's all."
　　Roberto and Diego exchanged uncomfortable looks.
　　"Really upset, she was, when Martinez nearly stabbed yeh, Diego. She's got her heart in the right place, Carolina has, an' you two not talkin' to her --"
　　"If she'd just get rid of that cat, I'd speak to her again!" Diego said angrily. "But she's still sticking up for it! It's a maniac, and she won't hear a word against it!"
　　"Ah, well, people can be a bit stupid abou' their pets," said Villalba wisely. Behind him, Buckbeak spat a few ferret bones onto Villalba's pillow.
　　They spent the rest of their visit discussing Gryffindor's improved chances for the Quidditch Cup. At nine o'clock, Villalba walked them back up to the castle.
　　A large group of people was bunched around the bulletin board when they returned to the common room.
　　"Hogsmeade, next weekend!" said Diego, craning over the heads to read the new notice. "What d'you reckon?" he added quietly to Roberto as they went to sit down.
　　"Well, Filch hasn't done anything about the passage into Honeydukes...." Roberto said, even more quietly.
　　"Roberto!" said a voice in his right ear. Roberto started and looked around at Carolina, who was sitting at the table right behind them and clearing a space in the wall of books that had been hiding her.
　　"Roberto, if you go into Hogsmeade again... I'll tell Professor Romero about that map!" said Carolina.
　　"Can you hear someone talking, Roberto?" growled Diego, not looking at Carolina.
　　"Diego, how can you let him go with you? After what Gustavo Martinez nearly did to you! I mean it, I'll tell --"
　　"So now you're trying to get Roberto expelled!" said Diego furiously. "Haven't you done enough damage this year?"
　　Carolina opened her mouth to respond, but with a soft hiss, Crookshanks leapt onto her lap. Carolina took one frightened look at the expression on Diego's face, gathered up Crookshanks, and hurried away toward the girls' dormitories.
　　"So how about it?" Diego said to Roberto as though there had been no interruption. "Come on, last time we went you didn't see anything. You haven't even been inside Zonko's yet!"
　　Roberto looked around to check that Carolina was well out of earshot.
　　"Okay," he said. "But I'm taking the Invisibility Cloak this time."
　　On Saturday morning, Roberto packed his Invisibility Cloak in his bag, slipped the Marauder's Map into his pocket, and went down to breakfast with everyone else. Carolina kept shooting suspicious looks down the table at him, but he avoided her eye and was careful to let her see him walking back up the marble staircase in the entrance hall as everybody else proceeded to the front doors.
　　"'Bye!" Roberto called to Diego. "See you when you get back!"
　　Diego grinned and winked.
　　Roberto hurried up to the third floor, slipping the Marauder's Map out of his pocket as he went. Crouching behind the one-eyed witch, he smoothed it out. A tiny dot was moving in his direction. Roberto squinted at it. The minuscule writing next to it read Mauricio Silva.
　　Roberto quickly pulled out his wand, muttered, "Dissendium!" and shoved his bag into the statue, but before he could climb in himself, Mauricio came around the corner.
　　"Roberto! I forgot you weren't going to Hogsmeade either!"
　　"Hi, Mauricio," said Roberto, moving swiftly away from the statue and pushing the map back into his pocket. "What are you up to?"
　　"Nothing," shrugged Mauricio. "Want a game of Exploding Snap?"
　　"Er -- not now -- I was going to go to the library and do that vampire essay for Cardozo --"
　　"I'll come with you!" said Mauricio brightly. I haven't done it either!"
　　"Er -- hang on -- yeah, I forgot, I finished it last night!"
　　"Great, you can help me!" said Mauricio, his round face anxious. "I don't understand that thing about the garlic at all -- do they have to eat it, or --"
　　He broke off with a small gasp, looking over Roberto's shoulder.
　　It was Peralta. Mauricio took a quick step behind Roberto.
　　"And what are you two doing here?" said Peralta, coming to a halt and looking from one to the other. "An odd place to meet --"
　　To Roberto's immense disquiet, Peralta's black eyes flicked to the doorways on either side of them, and then to the one-eyed witch.
　　"We're not -- meeting here," said Roberto. "We just -- met here."
　　"Indeed?" said Peralta. "You have a habit of turning up in unexpected places, Gonzales, and you are very rarely there for no good reason.... I suggest the pair of you return to Gryffindor Tower, where you belong."
　　Roberto and Mauricio set off without another word. As they turned the corner, Roberto looked back. Peralta was running one of his hands over the one-eyed witch's head, examining it closely.
　　Roberto managed to shake Mauricio off at the Fat Lady by telling him the password, then pretending he'd left his vampire essay in the library and doubling back. Once out of sight of the security trolls, he pulled out the map again and held it close to his nose.
　　The third floor corridor seemed to be deserted. Roberto scanned the map carefully and saw, with a leap of relief, that the tiny dot labeled Carlos Peralta was now back in its office.
　　He sprinted back to the one-eyed witch, opened her hump, heaved himself inside, and slid down to meet his bag at the bottom of the stone chute. He wiped the Marauder's Map blank again, then set off at a run.
　　Roberto, completely hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, emerged into the sunlight outside Honeydukes and prodded Diego in the back.
　　It's me," he muttered.
　　"What kept you?" Diego hissed.
　　"Peralta was hanging around."
　　They set off up the High Street.
　　"Where are you?" Diego kept muttering out of the corner of his mouth. "Are you still there? This feels weird...."
　　They went to the post office; Diego pretended to be checking the price of an owl to Bill in Egypt so that Roberto could have a good look around. The owls sat hooting softly down at him, at least three hundred of them; from Great Grays right down to tiny little Scops owls ("Local Deliveries Only"), which were so small they could have sat in the palm of Roberto's hand.
　　Then they visited Zonko's, which was so packed with students Roberto had to exercise great care not to tread on anyone and cause a panic. There were jokes and tricks to fulfill even Pablo's and Luis's wildest dreams; Roberto gave Diego whispered orders and passed him some gold from under the cloak. They left Zonko's with their money bags considerably lighter than they had been on entering, but their pockets bulging with Dungbombs, Hiccup Sweets, Frog Spawn Soap, and a Nose-Biting Teacup apiece.
　　The day was fine and breezy, and neither of them felt like staying indoors, so they walked past the Three Broomsticks and climbed a slope to visit the Shrieking Shack, the most haunted dwelling in Britain. It stood a little way above the rest of the village, and even in daylight was slightly creepy, with its boarded windows and dank overgrown garden.
　　"Even the Hogwarts ghosts avoid it," said Diego as they leaned on the fence, looking up at it. "I asked Nearly Headless Nick... he says he's heard a very rough crowd lives here. No one can get in. Pablo and Luis tried, obviously, but all the entrances are sealed shut...."
　　Roberto, feeling hot from their climb, was just considering taking off the cloak for a few minutes when they heard voices nearby. Someone was climbing toward the house from the other side of the hill; moments later, Sosa had appeared, followed closely by Crabbe and Goyle. Sosa was speaking.
　　"... should have an owl from Father any time now. He had to go to the hearing to tell them about my arm... about how I couldn't use it for three months...."
　　Crabbe and Goyle sniggered.
　　"I really wish I could hear that great hairy moron trying to defend himself... 'There's no 'arm in 'im, 'onest that hippogriff's as good as dead --"
　　Sosa suddenly caught sight of Diego. His pale face split in a malevolent grin.
　　"What are you doing, Lopez?"
　　Sosa looked up at the crumbling house behind Diego.
　　"Suppose You'd love to live here, wouldn't you, Lopez? Dreaming about having your own bedroom? I heard your family all sleep in one room -- is that true?"
　　Roberto seized the back of Diego's robes to stop him from leaping on Sosa. "Leave him to me," he hissed in Diego's ear.
　　The opportunity was too perfect to miss. Roberto crept silently around behind Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle, bent down, and scooped a large handful of mud out of the path.
　　"We were just discussing your friend Villalba," Sosa said to Diego. "Just trying to imagine what he's saying to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. D'you think he'll cry when they cut off his hippogriff's
　　SPLAT.
　　Sosa's head jerked forward as the mud hit him; his silverblond hair was suddenly dripping in muck.
　　"What the --?"
　　Diego had to hold onto the fence to keep himself standing, he was laughing so hard. Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle spun stupidly on the spot, staring wildly around, Sosa trying to wipe his hair clean.
　　"What was that? 'Who did that?"
　　"Very haunted up here, isn't it?" said Diego, with the air of one commenting on the weather.
　　Crabbe and Goyle were looking scared. Their bulging muscles were no use against ghosts. Sosa was staring madly around at the deserted landscape.
　　Roberto sneaked along the path, where a particularly sloppy puddle yielded some foul-smelling, green sludge.
　　SPLATTER.
　　Crabbe and Goyle caught some this time. Goyle hopped furiously on the spot, trying to rub it out of his small, dull eyes.
　　"It came from over there!" said Sosa, wiping his face, and staring at a spot some six feet to the left of Roberto.
　　Crabbe blundered forward, his long arms outstretched like a zombie. Roberto dodged around him, picked up a stick, and lobbed it at Crabbe's back. Roberto doubled up with silent laughter as Crabbe did a kind of pirouette in midair, trying to see who had thrown it. As Diego was the only person Crabbe could see, it was Diego he started toward, but Roberto stuck out his leg. Crabbe stumbled -- and his huge, flat foot caught the hem of Roberto's cloak. Roberto felt a great tug, then the cloak slid off his face.
　　For a split second, Sosa stared at him.
　　"AAARGH!" he yelled, pointing at Roberto's head. Then he turned tail and ran, at breakneck speed, back down the hill, Crabbe and Goyle behind him.
　　Roberto tugged the cloak up again, but the damage was done.
　　"Roberto!" Diego said, stumbling forward and staring hopelessly at the point where Roberto had disappeared, "you'd better run for it! If Sosa tells anyone -- you'd better get back to the castle, quick --" "See you later," said Roberto, and without another word, he tore back down the path toward Hogsmeade.
　　Would Sosa believe what he had seen? Would anyone believe
　　Sosa? Nobody knew about the Invisibility Cloak -- nobody except Dominguez. Roberto's stomach turned over -- Dominguez would know exactly what had happened, if Sosa said any- thing --
　　Back into Honeydukes, back down the cellar steps, across the stone floor, through the trapdoor -- Roberto pulled off the cloak, tucked it under his arm, and ran, flat out, along the passage.... Sosa would get back first... how long would it take him to find a teacher? Panting, a sharp pain in his side, Roberto didn't slow down until he reached the stone slide. He would have to leave the cloak where it was, it was too much of a giveaway in case Sosa had tipped off a teacher -- he hid it in a shadowy corner, then started to climb, fast as he could, his sweaty hands slipping on the sides of the chute. He reached the inside of the witch's hump, tapped it with his wand, stuck his head through, and hoisted himself out; the hump closed, and just as Roberto jumped out from behind the statue, he heard quick footsteps approaching.
　　It was Peralta. He approached Roberto at a swift walk, his black robes swishing, then stopped in front of him.
　　"So," he said.
　　There was a look of surpressed triumph about him. Roberto tried to look innocent, all too aware of his sweaty face and his muddy hands, which he quickly hid in his pockets.
　　"Come with me, Gonzales," said Peralta.
　　Roberto followed him downstairs, trying to wipe his hands clean on the inside of his robes without Peralta noticing. They walked down the stairs to the dungeons and then into Peralta's office.
　　Roberto had been in here only once before, and he had been in very serious trouble then too. Peralta had aquired a few more slimy horrible things in jars since last time, all standing on shelves behind his desk, glinting in the firelight and adding to the threatening atmosphere.
　　"Sit," said Peralta.
　　Roberto sat. Peralta, however, remained, standing.
　　"Mr. Sosa has just been to see me with a strange story, Gonzales," said Peralta.
　　Roberto didn't say anything.
　　"He tells me that he was up by the Shrieking Shack when he ran into Lopez -- apparently alone."
　　Still, Roberto didn't speak.
　　"Mr. Sosa states that he was standing talking to Lopez, when a large amount of mud hit him in the back of the head. How do you think that could have happened?"
　　Roberto tried to look mildly surprised.
　　"I don't know, Professor."
　　Peralta's eyes were boring into Roberto's. It was exactly like trying to stare down a hippogriff. Roberto tried hard not to blink.
　　"Mr. Sosa then saw an extraordinary apparition. Can you imagine what it might have been, Gonzales?"
　　"No," said Roberto, now trying to sound innocently curious.
　　"It was your head, Gonzales. Floating in midair."
　　There was a long silence.
　　"Maybe he'd better go to Madam Pomfrey," said Roberto. "If he's seeing things like --"
　　"What would your head have been doing in Hogsmeade, Gonzales?" said Peralta softly. "Your head is not allowed in Hogsmeade. No part of your body has permission to be in Hogsmeade."
　　"I know that," said Roberto, striving to keep his face free of guilt or fear. "It sounds like Sosa's having hallucin --"
　　"Sosa is not having hallucinations," snarled Peralta, and he bent down, a hand on each arm of Roberto's chair, so that their faces were a foot apart. "If your head was in Hogsmeade, so was the rest of you."
　　"I've been up in Gryffindor Tower," said Roberto. "Like you told --" "Can anyone confirm that?"
　　Roberto didn't say anything. Peralta's thin mouth curled into a horrible smile.
　　"So," he said, straightening up again. "Everyone from the Minister of Magic downward has been trying to keep famous Roberto Gonzales safe from Gustavo Martinez. But famous Roberto Gonzales is a law unto himself Let the ordinary people worry about his safety! Famous Roberto Gonzales goes where he wants to, with no thought for the consequences.
　　Roberto stayed silent. Peralta was trying to provoke him into telling the truth. He wasn't going to do it. Peralta had no proof -- yet.
　　"How extraordinarily like your father you are, Gonzales," Peralta said suddenly, his eyes glinting. "He too was exceedingly arrogant. A small amount of talent on the Quidditch field made him think he was a cut above the rest of us too. Strutting around the place with his friends and admirers... The resemblance between you is uncanny."
　　"My dad didn't strut," said Roberto, before he could stop himself. "And neither do I."
　　"Your father didn't set much store by rules either," Peralta went on, pressing his advantage, his thin face full of malice. "Rules were for lesser mortals, not Quidditch Cup-winners. His head was so swollen --"
　　"SHUT UP!"
　　Roberto was suddenly on his feet. Rage such as he had not felt since his last night in Privet Drive was coursing through him. He didn't care that Peralta's face had gone rigid, the black eyes flashing dangerously.
　　"What did you say to me, Gonzales?"
　　"I told you to shut up about my dad!" Roberto yelled. I know the truth, all right? He saved your life! Dominguez told me! You wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for my dad!"
　　Peralta's sallow skin had gone the color of sour milk.
　　"And did the headmaster tell you the circumstances in which your father saved my life?" he whispered. "Or did he consider the details too unpleasant for precious Gonzales's delicate ears?"
　　Roberto bit his lip. He didn't know what had happened and didn't want to admit it -- but Peralta seemed to have guessed the truth.
　　I would hate for you to run away with a false idea of your father, Gonzales," he said, a terrible grin twisting his face. "Have you been imagining some act of glorious heroism? Then let me correct you -- your saintly father and his friends played a highly amusing joke on me that would have resulted in my death if your father hadn't got cold feet at the last moment. There was nothing brave about what he did. He was saving his own skin as much as mine. Had their joke succeeded, he would have been expelled from Hogwarts."
　　Peralta's uneven, yellowish teeth were bared.
　　"Turn out your pockets, Gonzales!" he spat suddenly.
　　Roberto didn't move. There was a pounding in his ears.
　　"Turn out your pockets, or we go straight to the headmaster! Pull them out, Gonzales!"
　　Cold with dread, Roberto slowly pulled out the bag of Zonko's tricks and the Marauder's Map.
　　Snap picked up the Zonko's bag.
　　"Diego gave them to me," said Roberto, praying he'd get a chance to tip Diego off before Peralta saw him. "He -brought them back from Hogsmeade last time --"
　　"Indeed? And you've been carrying them around ever since? How very touching... and what is this?"
　　Peralta had picked up the map. Roberto tried with all his might to keep his face impassive.
　　"Spare bit of parchment," he said with a shrug.
　　Peralta turned it over, his eyes on Roberto.
　　"Surely you don't need such a very old piece of parchment?" he said. "Why don't I just -- throw this away?"
　　His hand moved toward the fire.
　　"No!" Roberto said quickly.
　　"So!" said Peralta, his long nostrils quivering. "Is this another treasured gift from Mr. Lopez? Or is it -- something else? A letter, perhaps, written in invisible ink? Or -- instructions to get into Hogsmeade without passing the dementors?"
　　Roberto blinked. Peralta's eyes gleamed.
　　"Let me see, let me see...." he muttered, taking out his wand and smoothing the map out on his desk. "Reveal your secret!" he said, touching the wand to the parchment.
　　Nothing happened. Roberto clenched his hands to stop them from shaking.
　　"Show yourself!" Peralta said, tapping the map sharply.
　　It stayed blank. Roberto was taking deep, calming breaths.
　　"Professor Carlos Peralta, master of this school, commands you to yield the information you conceal!" Peralta said, hitting the map with his wand.
　　As though an invisible hand were writing upon it, words appeared on the smooth surface of the map.
　　Mooney presents his compliments to Professor Peralta, and begs him to keep his abnormally large nose out of other people's business."
　　Peralta froze. Roberto stared, dumbstruck, at the message. But the map didn't stop there. More writing was appearing beneath the first.
　　"Mr. Prongs agrees with Mr. Moony and would like to add that Professor Peralta is an ugle git."
　　It would have been very funny if the situation hadn't been so serious. And there was more....
　　"Mr. Padfoot would like to register his astonishment that an idiot like that ever became a professor."
　　Roberto closed his eyes in horror. When he'd opened them, the map had had its last word.
　　"Mr. Wormtail bids Professor Peralta good day, and advises him to wash his hair , the slimeball."
　　Roberto waited for the blow to fall.
　　"So..." said Peralta softly. "We'll see about this...."
　　He strode across to his fire, seized a fistful of glittering powder from a jar on the fireplace, and threw it into the flames.
　　"Cardozo!" Peralta called into the fire. "I want a word!"
　　Utterly bewildered, Roberto stared at the fire. A large shape had appeared in it, revolving very fast. Seconds later, Professor Cardozo was clambering out of the fireplace, brushing ash off his shabby robes.
　　"You called, Carlos?" said Cardozo mildly.
　　"I certainly did," said Peralta, his face contorted with fury as he strode back to his desk. "I have just asked Gonzales to empty his pockets. He was carrying this."
　　Peralta pointed at the parchment, on which the words of Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs were still shining. An odd, closed expression appeared on Cardozo's face.
　　"Well?" said Peralta.
　　Cardozo continued to stare at the map. Roberto had the impression that Cardozo was doing some very quick thinking.
　　"Well?" said Peralta again. "This parchment is plainly full of Dark Magic. This is supposed to be your area of expertise, Cardozo. Where do you imagine Gonzales got such a thing?"
　　Cardozo looked up and, by the merest half-glance in Roberto's direction, warned him not to interrupt.
　　"Full of Dark Magic?" he repeated mildly. "Do you really think so, Carlos? It looks to me as though it is merely a piece of parchment that insults anybody who reads it. Childish, but surely not dangerous? I imagine Roberto got it from a joke shop --"
　　"Indeed?" said Peralta. His jaw had gone rigid with anger. "You think a joke shop could supply him with such a thing? You don't think it more likely that he got it directly from the manufacturers?"
　　Roberto didn't understand what Peralta was talking about. Nor, apparently, did Cardozo.
　　"You mean, by Mr. Wormtail or one of these people?" he said. "Roberto, do you know any of these men?"
　　"No," said Roberto quickly.
　　"You see, Carlos?" said Cardozo, turning back to Peralta. "It looks like a Zonko product to me --"
　　Right on cue, Diego came bursting into the office. He was completely out of breath, and stopped just short of Peralta's desk, clutching the stitch in his chest and trying to speak.
　　"I -- gave -- Roberto -- that -- stuff," he choked. "Bought -- it... in Zonko's... ages -- ago..."
　　"Well!" said Cardozo, clapping his hands together and looking around cheerfully. "That seems to clear that up! Carlos, I'll take this back, shall I?" He folded the map and tucked it inside his robes. "Roberto, Diego, come with me, I need a word about my vampire essay -- excuse us, Carlos --"
　　Roberto didn't dare look at Peralta as they left his office. He. Diego, and Cardozo walked all the way back into the entrance hall before speaking. Then Roberto turned to Cardozo.
　　"Professor, I --"
　　"I don't want to hear explanations," said Cardozo shortly. He glanced around the empty entrance hall and lowered his voice. "I happen to know that this map was confiscated by Mr. Filch many years ago. Yes, I know it' s a map," he said as Roberto and Diego looked amazed. "I don't want to know how it fell into your possession. I am, however, astounded that you didn't hand it in. Particularly after what happened the last time a student left information about the castle lying around. And I can't let you have it back, Roberto."
　　Roberto had expected that, and was too keen for explanations to protest.
　　"Why did Peralta think I'd got it from the manufacturers?"
　　"Because...," Cardozo hesitated, "because these mapmakers would have wanted to lure you out of school. They'd think it extremely entertaining."
　　"Do you know them?" said Roberto, impressed.
　　"We've met," he said shortly. He was looking at Roberto more seriously than ever before.
　　"Don't expect me to cover up for you again, Roberto. I cannot make you take Gustavo Martinez seriously. But I would have thought that what you have heard when the dementors draw near you would have had more of an effect on you. Your parents gave their lives to keep you alive, Roberto. A poor way to repay them -- gambling their sacrifice for a bag of magic tricks."
　　He walked away, leaving Roberto feeling worse by far than he had at any point in Peralta's office. Slowly, he and Diego mounted the marble staircase. As Roberto passed the one-eyed witch, he remembered the Invisibility Cloak -- it was still down there, but he didn't dare go and get it.
　　"It's my fault," said Diego abruptly. "I persuaded you to go. Cardozo's right, it was stupid, we shouldn't've done it --"
　　He broke off; they reached the corridor where the security trolls were pacing, and Carolina was walking toward them. One look at her face convinced Roberto that she had heard what had happened. His heart plummeted -- had she told Professor Romero?
　　"Come to have a good gloat?" said Diego savagely as she stopped in front of them. "Or have you just been to tell on us?"
　　"No," said Carolina. She was holding a letter in her hands and her lip was trembling. "I just thought you ought to know... Villalba lost his case. Buckbeak is going to be executed."
　　CHAPTER FIFTEEN
　　THE QUIDDITCH FINAL
　　He sent me this," Carolina said, holding out the letter.
　　Roberto took it. The parchment was damp, and enormous teardrops had smudged the ink so badly in places that it was very difficult to read.
　　Dear Carolina, We lost. I'm allowed to bring him back to Hogwarts. Execution date to be fixed. Beaky has enjoyed London. I won't forget all the help you gave us.
　　Villalba
　　"They can't do this," said Roberto. "They can't. Buckbeak isn't dangerous."
　　"Sosa's dad's frightened the Committee into it," said Carolina, wiping her eyes. "You know what he's like. They're a bunch of doddery old fools, and they were scared. There'll be an appeal, though, there always is. Only I can't see any hope.... Nothing will have changed."
　　"Yeah, it will," said Diego fiercely. "You won't have to do all the work alone this time, Carolina. I'll help."
　　"Oh, Diego!"
　　Carolina flung her arms around Diego's neck and broke down completely. Diego, looking quite terrified, patted her very awkwardly on the top of the head. Finally, Carolina drew away.
　　"Diego, I'm really, really sorry about Scabbers..." she sobbed.
　　"Oh -- well -- he was old," said Diego, looking thoroughly relieved that she had let go of him. "And he was a bit useless. You never know, Mum and Dad might get me an owl now."
　　The safety measures imposed on the students since Martinez's second break-in made it impossible for Roberto, Diego, and Carolina to go and visit Villalba in the evenings. Their only chance of talking to him was during Care of Magical Creatures lessons.
　　He seemed numb with shock at the verdict.
　　"S'all my fault. Got all tongue-tied. They was all sittin' there in black robes an' I kep' droppin' me notes and forgettin' all them dates yeh looked up fer me, Carolina. An' then Mariano Sosa stood up an' said his bit, and the Committee jus' did exac'ly what he told 'em...."
　　"There's still the appeal!" said Diego fiercely. "Don't give up Yet, we're working on it!"
　　They were walking back up to the castle with the rest of the class. Ahead they could see Sosa, who was walking with Crabbe and Goyle, and kept looking back, laughing derisively.
　　"S'no good, Diego," said Villalba sadly as they reached the castle steps. "That Committee's in Mariano Sosa's pocket. I'm jus' gonna make sure the rest o' Beaky's time is the happiest he's ever had. I owe him that...."
　　Villalba turned around and hurried back toward his cabin, his face buried in his handkerchief.
　　"Look at him blubber!"
　　Sosa, Crabbe, and Goyle had been standing just inside the castle doors, listening.
　　"Have you ever seen anything quite as pathetic?" said Sosa. "And he's supposed to be our teacher!"
　　Roberto and Diego both made furious moves toward Sosa, but Carolina got there first -- SMACK!
　　She had slapped Sosa across the face with all the strength she could muster. Sosa staggered. Roberto, Diego, Crabbe, and Goyle stood flabbergasted as Carolina raised her hand again.
　　"Don't you dare call Villalba pathetic, you foul -- you evil --"
　　"Carolina!" said Diego weakly, and he tried to grab her hand as she swung it back.
　　"Get off, Diego!"
　　Carolina pulled out her wand. Sosa stepped backward. Crabbe and Goyle looked at him for instructions, thoroughly bewildered.
　　"C'mon," Sosa muttered, and in a moment, all three of them had disappeared into the passageway to the dungeons.
　　"Carolina!" Diego said again, sounding both stunned and irnpressed.
　　"Roberto, you'd better beat him in the Quidditch final!" Carolina said shrilly. "You just better had, because I can't stand it if Slytherin wins!"
　　"We're due in Charms," said Diego, still goggling at Carolina. "We'd better go."
　　They hurried up the marble staircase toward Professor Flitwick's classroom.
　　"You're late, boys!" said Professor Flitwick reprovingly as Roberto opened the classroom door. "Come along, quickly, wands out, we're experimenting with Cheering Charms today, we've already divided into pairs --"
　　Roberto and Diego hurried to a desk at the back and opened their bags. Diego looked behind him.
　　"Where's Carolina gone?"
　　Roberto looked around too. Carolina hadn't entered the classroom, yet Roberto knew she had been right next to him when he had opened the door.
　　"That's weird," said Roberto, staring at Diego. "Maybe -- maybe she went to the bathroom or something?"
　　But Carolina didn't turn up all lesson.
　　"She could've done with a Cheering Charm on her too," said Diego as the class left for lunch, all grinning broadly -- the Cheering Charms had left them with a feeling of great contentment.
　　Carolina wasn't at lunch either. By the time they had finished their apple pie, the after-effects of the Cheering Charms were wearing off, and Roberto and Diego had started to get slightly worried.
　　"You don't think Sosa did something to her?" Diego said anxiously as they hurried upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower.
　　They passed the security trolls, gave the Fat Lady the password ("Flibbertigibbet"), and scrambled through the portrait hole into the common room.
　　Carolina was sitting at a table, fast asleep, her head resting on an open Arithmancy book. They went to sit down on either side of her. Roberto prodded her awake.
　　"Wh -- what?" said Carolina, waking with a start and staring wildly around. "Is it time to go? W -- which lesson have we got now?"
　　"Divination, but it's not for another twenty minutes," said Roberto. "Carolina, why didn't you come to Charms?"
　　"What? Oh no!" Carolina squeaked. "I forgot to go to Charms!"
　　"But how could you forget?" said Roberto. "You were with us till we were right outside the classroom!"
　　"I don't believe it!" Carolina wailed. "Was Professor Flitwick angry? Oh, it was Sosa, I was thinking about him and I lost track of things!"
　　"You know what, Carolina?" said Diego, looking down at the enormous Arithmancy book Carolina had been using as a pillow. "I reckon you're cracking up. You're trying to do too much."
　　"No, I'm not!" said Carolina, brushing her hair out of her eyes and staring hopelessly around for her bag. "I just made a mistake, that's all! I'd better go and see Professor Flitwick and say sorry... I'll see you in Divination!"
　　Carolina joined them at the foot of the ladder to Professor Trelawneys classroom twenty minutes later, looking extremely harrassed.
　　"I can't believe I missed Cheering Charms! And I bet they come up in our exams; Professor Flitwick hinted they might!"
　　Together they climbed the ladder into the dim, stifling tower room. Glowing on every little table was a crystal ball full of pearly white mist. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina sat down together at the same rickety table.
　　"I thought we weren't starting crystal balls until next term," Diego muttered, casting a wary eye around for Professor Trelawney, in case she was lurking nearby.
　　"Don't complain, this means we've finished palmistry," Roberto muttered back. "I was getting sick of her flinching every time she looked at my hands."
　　"Good day to you!" said the familiar, misty voice, and Professor Trelawney made her usual dramatic entrance out of the shadows. Parvati and Lavender quivered with excitement, their faces lit by the milky glow of their crystal ball.
　　"I have decided to introduce the crystal ball a little earlier than I had planned," said Professor Trelawney, sitting with her back to the fire and gazing around. "The fates have informed me that your examination in June will concern the Orb, and I am anxious to give you sufficient practice."
　　Carolina snorted.
　　"Well, honestly... 'the fates have informed her' who sets the exam? She does! What an amazing prediction!" she said, not troubling to keep her voice low. Roberto and Diego choked back laughs.
　　It was hard to tell whether Professor Trelawney had heard them as her face was hidden in shadow. She continued, however, as though she had not.
　　"Crystal gazing is a particularly refined art," she said dreamily. "I do not expect any of you to See when first you peer into the Orb's infinite depths. We shall start by practicing relaxing the conscious mind and external eyes" -- Diego began to snigger uncontrollably and had to stuff his fist in his mouth to stifle the noise -- "so as to clear the Inner Eye and the superconscious. Perhaps, if we are lucky, some of you will see before the end of the class."
　　And so they began. Roberto, at least, felt extremely foolish, staring blankly at the crystal ball, trying to keep his mind empty when thoughts such as "this is stupid" kept drifting across it. It didn't help that Diego kept breaking into silent giggles and Carolina kept tutting.
　　"Seen anything yet?" Roberto asked them after a quarter of an hour's quiet crystal gazing.
　　"Yeah, there's a burn on this table," said Diego, pointing. "Someone's spilled their candle."
　　"This is such a waste of time," Carolina hissed. "I could be practicing something useful. I could be catching up on Cheering Charms --"
　　Professor Trelawney rustled past.
　　"Would anyone like me to help them interpret the shadowy portents within their Orb?" she murmured over the clinking of her bangles.
　　I don't need help," Diego whispered. "It's obvious what this means. There's going to be loads of fog tonight."
　　Both Roberto and Carolina burst out laughing.
　　"Now, really!" said Professor Trelawney as everyone's heads turned in their direction. Parvati and Lavender were looking scandalized. "You are disturbing the clairvoyant vibrations!" She approached their table and peered into their crystal ball. Roberto felt his heart sinking. He was sure he knew what was coming --
　　"There is something here!" Professor Trelawney whispered, lowerng her face to the ball, so that it was reflected twice in her huge glasses. "Something moving... but what is it?"
　　Roberto was prepared to bet everything he owned, Including his Firebolt, that it wasn't good news, whatever it was. And sure enough --
　　"My dear Professor Trelawney breathed, gazing up at Roberto. "It is here, plainer than ever before... my dear, stalking toward you, growing ever closer... the Gr --"
　　"Oh, for goodness' sake!" said Carolina loudly. "Not that ridiculous Grim again!"
　　Professor Trelawney raised her enormous eyes to Carolina's face. Parvati whispered something to Lavender, and they both glared at Carolina too. Professor Trelawney stood up, surveying Carolina with unmistakable anger.
　　"I am sorry to say that from the moment you have arrived in this class my dear, it has been apparent that you do not have what the noble art of Divination requires. Indeed, I don't remember ever meeting a student whose mind was so hopelessly mundane."
　　There was a moment's silence. Then --
　　"Fine!" said Carolina suddenly, getting up and cramming Unfogging the Future back into her bag. "Fine!" she repeated, swinging the bag over her shoulder and almost knocking Diego off his chair. "I give up! I'm leaving!"
　　And to the whole class's amazement, Carolina strode over to the trapdoor, kicked it open, and climbed down the ladder out of sight.
　　It took a few minutes for the class to settle down again. Professor Trelawney seemed to have forgotten all about the Grim. She turned abruptly from Roberto and Diego's table, breathing rather heavily as she tugged her gauzy shawl more closely to her.
　　"Ooooo!" said Lavender suddenly, making everyone start. "Ooooo, Professor Trelawney, I've just remembered! You saw her leaving, didn't you? Didn't you, Professor? 'Around Easter, one of our number will leave us forever!' You said it ages ago, Professor!"
　　Professor Trelawney gave her a dewy smile.
　　"Yes, my dear, I did indeed know that Miss Fernandez would be leaving us. One hopes, however, that one might have mistaken the Signs.... The Inner Eye can be a burden, you know..."
　　Lavender and Parvati looked deeply impressed, and moved over so that Professor Trelawney could join their table instead.
　　"Some day Carolina's having, eh?" Diego muttered to Roberto, looking awed.
　　"Yeah..."
　　Roberto glanced into the crystal ball but saw nothing but swirling white mist. Had Professor Trelawney really seen the Grim again? Would he? The last thing he needed was another near-fatal accident, with the Quidditch final drawing ever nearer.
　　The Easter holidays were not exactly relaxing. The third years had never had so much homework. Mauricio Silva seemed close to a nervous collapse, and he wasn't the only one.
　　"Call this a holiday!" Seamus Finnigan roared at the common room one afternoon. "The exams are ages away, what're they playing at?"
　　But nobody had as much to do as Carolina. Even without Divination, she was taking more subjects than anybody else. She was usually last to leave the common room at night, first to arrive at the library the next morning; she had shadows like Cardozo's under her eyes, and seemed constantly close to tears.
　　Diego had taken over responsibility for Buckbeak's appeal. When he wasn't doing his own work, he was poring over enormously thick volumes with names like The Handbook of Hippogriff Psychology and Fowl or Foul? A Study of Hippogriff Brutality. He was so absorbed, he even forgot to be horrible to Crookshanks.
　　Roberto, meanwhile, had to fit in his homework around Quidditch practice every day, not to mention endless discussions of tactics with Wood. The Gryffindor-Slytherin match would take place on the first Saturday after the Easter holidays. Slytherin was leading the tournament by exactly two hundred points. This meant (as Wood constantly reminded his team) that they needed to win the match by more than that amount to win the Cup. It also meant that the burden of winning fell largely on Roberto, because capturing the Snitch was worth one hundred and fifty points.
　　"So you must catch it only if we're more than fifty points up," Wood told Roberto constantly. "Only if we're more than fifty points up, Roberto, or we win the match but lose the Cup. You've got that, Haven't you? You must catch the Snitch only if we're --"
　　"I KNOW, OLIVER!" Roberto yelled.
　　The whole of Gryffindor House was obsessed with the coming match. Gryffindor hadn't won the Quidditch Cup since the legendary Charlie Lopez (Diego's second oldest brother) had been seeker. But Roberto doubted whether any of them, even Wood, wanted to win as much as he did. The enmity between Roberto and Sosa was at its highest point ever. Sosa was still smarting ,bout the mud-throwing incident in Hogsmeade and was even more furious that Roberto had somehow wormed his way out of punishment. Roberto hadn't forgotten Sosa's attempt to sabotage him in the match against Ravenclaw, but it was the matter of Buckbeak that made him most determined to beat Sosa in front of the entire school.
　　Never, in anyone's memory, had a match approached in such a highly charged atmosphere. By the time the holidays were over, tension between the two teams and their Houses was at the breaking point. A number of small scuffles broke out in the corridors, culminating in a nasty incident in which a Gryffindor fourth year and a Slytherin sixth year ended up in the hospital wing with leeks sprouting out of their ears.
　　Roberto was having a particularly bad time of it. He couldn't walk to class without Slytherins sticking out their legs and trying to trip him up; Crabbe and Goyle kept popping up wherever he went, and slouching away looking disappointed when they saw him surrounded by people. Wood had given instructions that Roberto should be accompanied everywhere he went, in case the Slytherins tried to put him out of action. The whole of Gryffindor House took up the challenge enthusiastically, so that it was impossible for Roberto to get to classes on time because he was surrounded by a vast, chattering crowd. Roberto was more concerned for his Firebolt's safety than his own. When he wasn't flying it, he locked it securely in his trunk and frequently dashed back up to Gryffindor Tower at break times to check that it was still there.
　　All usual pursuits were abandoned in the Gryffindor common room the night before the match. Even Carolina had Put down her books.
　　"I can't work, I can't concentrate," she said nervously.
　　There was a great deal of noise. Pablo and Luis Lopez were dealing with the pressure by being louder and more exuberant than ever. Oliver Wood was crouched over a model of a Quidditch field in the corner, prodding little figures across it with his wand and muttering to himself Angelina, Alicia, and Katie were laughing at Pablo's and Luis's jokes. Roberto was sitting with Diego and Carolina, removed from the center of things, trying not to think about the next day, because every time he did, he had the horrible sensation that something very large was fighting to get out of his stomach.
　　"You're going to be fine," Carolina told him, though she looked positively terrified.
　　"You've got a Firebolt!" said Diego.
　　"Yeah..." said Roberto, his stomach writhing.
　　It came as a relief when Wood suddenly stood up and yelled, "Team! Bed!"
　　Roberto slept badly. First he dreamed that he had overslept, and that Wood was yelling, "Where were you? We had to use Mauricio instead!" Then he dreamed that Sosa and the rest of the Slytherin team arrived for the match riding dragons. He was flying at breakneck speed, trying to avoid a spurt of flames from Sosa's steed's mouth, when he realized he had forgotten his Firebolt. He fell through the air and woke with a start.
　　It was a few seconds before Roberto remembered that the match hadn't taken place yet, that he was safe in bed, and that the Slytherin team definitely wouldn't be allowed to play on dragons. He was feeling very thirsty. Quietly as he could, he got out of his four-poster and went to pour himself some water from the silver jug beneath the window.
　　The grounds were still and quiet. No breath of wind disturbed the treetops in the Forbidden Forest; the Whomping Willow was motionless and innocent-looking. It looked as though the conditions for the match would be perfect.
　　Roberto set down his goblet and was about to turn back to his bed when something caught his eye. An animal of some kind was prowling across the silvery lawn.
　　Roberto dashed to his bedside table, snatched up his glasses, and put them on, then hurried back to the window. It couldn't be the Grim -- not now -- not right before the match -
　　He peered out at the grounds again and, after a minute's frantic searching, spotted it. It was skirting the edge of the forest now... It wasn't the Grim at all ... it was a cat.... Roberto clutched the window ledge in relief as he recognized the bottlebrush tail. It was only Crookshanks....
　　Or was it only Crookshanks? Roberto squinted, pressing his nose flat against the glass. Crookshanks seemed to have come to a halt. Roberto was sure he could see something else moving in the shadow of the trees too.
　　And just then, it emerged -- a gigantic, shaggy black dog, moving stealthily across the lawn, Crookshanks trotting at its side. Roberto stared. What did this mean? If Crookshanks could see the dog as well, how could it be an omen of Roberto's death?
　　"Diego!" Roberto hissed. "Diego! Wake up!"
　　"Huh?"
　　I need you to tell me if you can see something!"
　　"S'all dark, Roberto," Diego muttered thickly. "What're you or, about?"
　　"Down here --"
　　Roberto looked quickly back out of the window.
　　Crookshanks and the dog had vanished. Roberto climbed onto the windowsill to look right down into the shadows of the castle, but they weren't there. Where had they gone?
　　A loud snore told him Diego had fallen asleep again.
　　Roberto and the rest of the Gryffindor team entered the Great Hall the next day to enormous applause. Roberto couldn't help grinning broadly as he saw that both the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were applauding them too. The Slytherin table hissed loudly as they passed. Roberto noticed that Sosa looked even paler than usual.
　　Wood spent the whole of breakfast urging his team to eat, while touching nothing himself Then he hurried them off to the field before anyone else had finished, so they could get an idea of the conditions. As they left the Great Hall, everyone applauded again.
　　"Good luck, Roberto!" called Paula. Roberto felt himself blushing.
　　"Okay -- no wind to speak of -- sun's a bit bright, that could impair your vision, watch out for it -- ground's fairly hard, good, that'll give us a fast kickoff --"
　　Wood paced the field, staring around with the team behind him. Finally, they saw the front doors of the castle open in the distance and the rest of the school spilling onto the lawn.
　　"Locker rooms," said Wood tersely.
　　None of them spoke as they changed into their scarlet robes. Roberto wondered if they were feeling like he was: as though he'd eaten something extremely wriggly for breakfast. In what seemed like no time at all, Wood was saying, "Okay, it's time, let's go --"
　　They walked out onto the field to a tidal wave of noise. Threequarters of the crowd was wearing scarlet rosettes, waving scarlet flags with the Gryffindor lion upon them, or brandishing banners with slogans like "GO GRYFFINDOR!" and "LIONS FOR THE CUK' Behind the Slytherin goal posts, however, two hundred people were wearing green; the silver serpent of Slytherin glittered on their flags, and Professor Peralta sat in the very front row, wearing green like everyone else, and a very grim smile.
　　"And here are the Gryffindors!" yelled Lee Jordan, who was acting as commentator as usual. "Gonzales, Bell, Johnson, Spinnet, Lopez, Lopez, and Wood. Widely acknowledged as the best team Hogwarts has seen in a good few years --"
　　Lee's comments were drowned by a tide of "boos" from the Slytherin end.
　　"And here come the Slytherin team, led by Captain Flint. He's Made some changes in the lineup and seems to be going for size rather than skill --"
　　More boos from the Slytherin crowd. Roberto, however, thought Lee had a point. Sosa was easily the smallest person On the Slytherin team; the rest of them were enormous.
　　"Captains, shake hands!" said Madam Hooch.
　　Flint and Wood approached each other and grasped each other's hand very tightly; it looked as though each was trying to break the other's fingers.
　　"Mount your brooms!" said Madam Hooch. "Three... two... one..."
　　The sound of her whistle was lost in the roar from the crowd as fourteen brooms rose into the air. Roberto felt his hair fly back off his forehead; his nerves left him in the thrill of the flight; he glanced around, saw Sosa on his tail, and sped off in search of the Snitch.
　　"And it's Gryffindor in possession, Alicia Spinner of Gryffindor with the Quaffle, heading straight for the Slytherin goal posts, looking good, Alicia! Argh, no -- Quaffle intercepted by Warrington, Warrington of Slytherin tearing UP the field -- WHAM! -- nice Bludger work there by Luis Lopez, Warrington drops the Quaffle, it's caught by -- Johnson, Gryffindor back in possession, come on, Angelina -- nice swerve around Montague -- duck, Angelina, that's a Bludger!- SHE SCORES! TEN-ZERO TO GRYFFINDOR!"
　　Angelina punched the air as she soared around the end of the field; the sea of scarlet below was screaming its delight
　　"OUCH!"
　　Angelina was nearly thrown from her broom as Marcus Flint went smashing into her.
　　"Sorry!" said Flint as the crowd below booed. "Sorry, didn't see her!"
　　A moment later, Pablo Lopez chucked his Beater's club at the back of Flint's head. Flint's nose smashed into the handle of his broom and began to bleed.
　　"That will do!" shrieked Madam Hooch, zooming between then. "Penalty shot to Gryffindor for an unprovoked attack on their Chaser! Penalty shot to Slytherin for deliberate damage to their Chaser!"
　　"Come off it, Miss!" howled Pablo, but Madam Hooch blew her whistle and Alicia flew forward to take the penalty.
　　"Come on, Alicia!" yelled Lee into the silence that had descended on the crowd. "YES! SHE'S BEATEN THE KEEPER! TWENTY-ZERO TO GRYFFINDOR!"
　　Roberto turned the Firebolt sharply to watch Flint, still bleeding freely, fly forward to take the Slytherin penalty. Wood was hovering in front of the Gryffindor goal posts, his jaw clenched.
　　"'Course, Wood's a superb Keeper!" Lee Jordan told the crowd as Flint waited for Madam Hooch's whistle. "Superb! Very difficult to pass -- very difficult indeed -- YES! I DON'T BELIEVE IT! HE'S SAVED IT!"
　　Relieved, Roberto zoomed away, gazing around for the Snitch, but still making sure he caught every word of Lee's commentary. It was essential that he hold Sosa off the Snitch until Gryffindor was more than fifty points up --
　　"Gryffindor in possession, no, Slytherin in possession -- no!
　　Gryffindor back in possession and it's Katie Bell, Katie Bell for Gryffindor with the Quaffle, she's streaking up the field -- THAT WAS DELIBERATE!"
　　Montague, a Slytherin Chaser, had swerved in front of Katie, and instead of seizing the Quaffle had grabbed her head. Katie cart wheeled in the air, managed to stay on her broom, but dropped the Quaffle.
　　Madam Hooch's whistle rang out again as she soared over to Montague and began shouting at him. A minute later, Katie had put another penalty past the Slytherin Seeker.
　　"THIRTY-ZERO! TAKE THAT, YOU DIRTY, CHEATING --"
　　"Jordan, if you can't commentate in an unbiased way --"
　　"I'm telling it like it is, Professor!"
　　Roberto felt a huge jolt of excitement. He had seen the Snitch it was shimmering at the foot of one of the Gryffindor goal posts -- but he mustn't catch it yet -- and if Sosa saw it -
　　Faking a look of sudden concentration, Roberto pulled his Firebolt around and sped off toward the Slytherin end -- it worked. Sosa went haring after him, clearly thinking Roberto had seen the Snitch there....
　　WHOOSH.
　　One of the Bludgers came streaking past Roberto's right ear, hit by the gigantic Slytherin Beater, Derrick. Then again
　　WHOOSH.
　　The second Bludger grazed Roberto's elbow. The other Beater, Bole, was closing in.
　　Roberto had a fleeting glimpse of Bole and Derrick zooming toward him, clubs raised --
　　He turned the Firebolt upward at the last second, and Bole and Derrick collided with a sickening crunch.
　　"Ha haaa!" yelled Lee Jordan as the Slytherin Beaters lurched away from each other, clutching their heads. "Too bad, boys! You'll need to get up earlier than that to beat a Firebold And it's Gryffindor in possession again, as Johnson takes the Quaffle -- Flint alongside her -- poke him in the eye, Angelina! -- it was a joke, Professor, it was a joke -- oh no -- Flint in possession, Flint flying toward the Gryffindor goal posts, come on now, Wood, save --!"
　　But Flint had scored; there was an eruption of cheers from the Slytherin end, and Lee swore so badly that Professor Romero tried to tug the magical megaphone away from him.
　　"Sorry, Professor, sorry! WoiA happen again! So, Gryffindor in the lead, thirty points to ten, and Gryffindor in possession --"
　　it was turning into the dirtiest game Roberto had ever played in. Enraged that Gryffindor had taken such an early lead, the Slytherins were rapidly resorting to any means to take the Quaffle. Bole hit Alicia with his club and tried to say he'd thought she was a Bludger. Luis Lopez elbowed Bole in the face in retaliation. Madam Hooch awarded both teams penalties, and Wood pulled off another spectacular save, making the score forty-ten to Gryffindor.
　　The Snitch had disappeared again. Sosa was still keeping close to Roberto as he soared over the match, looking around for it once Gryffindor was fifty points ahead -
　　Katie scored. Fifty-ten. Pablo and Luis Lopez were swooping around her, clubs raised, in case any of the Slytherins were thinking of revenge. Bole and Derrick took advantage of Pablo's and Luis's absence to aim both Bludgers at Wood; they caught him in the stomach, one after the other, and he rolled over in the air, clutching his broom, completely winded.
　　Madam Hooch was beside herself
　　"YOU DO NOT ATTACK THE KEEPER UNLESS THE QUAFFLE IS WITHIN THE SCORING AREA!" she shrieked at Bole and Derrick. "Gryffindor penalty!"
　　And Angelina scored. Sixty-ten. Moments later, Pablo Lopez pelted a Bludger at Warrington, knocking the Quaffle Out of his hands; Alicia seized it and put it through the Slytherin goal -- seventy-ten.
　　The Gryffindor crowd below was screaming itself hoarse -- Gryffindor was sixty points in the lead, and if Roberto caught the Snitch now, the Cup was theirs. Roberto could almost feel hundreds of eyes following him as he soared around the field, high above the rest of the game, with Sosa speeding along behind him.
　　And then he saw it. The Snitch was sparkling twenty feet above him.
　　Roberto put on a huge burst of speed; the wind was roaring in his ears; he stretched out his hand, but suddenly, the Firebolt was slowing down --
　　Horrified, he looked around. Sosa had thrown himself forward, grabbed hold of the Firebolt's tail, and was pulling it back.
　　"You --"
　　Roberto was angry enough to hit Sosa, but couldn't reach -- Sosa was panting with the effort of holding onto the Firebolt, but his eyes were sparkling maliciously. He had achieved what he'd wanted to do -- the Snitch had disappeared again.
　　"Penalty! Penalty to Gryffindor! I've never seen such tactics." Madam Hooch screeched, shooting up to where Sosa was sliding back onto his Nimbus Two Thousand and One.
　　"YOU CHEATING SCUM!" Lee Jordan was howling into the megaphone, dancing out of Professor Romero's reach. "YOU FILTHY, CHEATING B --"
　　Pprofessor Romero didn't even bother to tell him off She was actually shaking her finger in Sosas direction, her hat had fallen off, and she too was shouting furiously.
　　Alicia took Gryffindor's penalty, but she was so angry she missed by several feet. The Gryffindor team was losing concentration and the Slytherins, delighted by Sosa's foul on Roberto, were being spurred on to greater heights.
　　"Slytherin in possession, Slytherin heading for goal -- Montague scores --" Lee groaned. "Seventy- twenty to Gryffindor..."
　　Roberto was now marking Sosa so closely their knees kept hitting each other. Roberto wasn't going to let Sosa anywhere near the Snitch....
　　"Get out of it, Gonzales!" Sosa yelled in frustration as he tried to turn and found Roberto blocking him.
　　"Angelina Johnson gets the Quaffle for Gryffindor, come on, Angelina, COME ON!"
　　Roberto looked around. Every single Slytherin player apart from Sosa was streaking up the pitch toward Angelina, including the Slytherin Keeper -- they were all going to block her --
　　Roberto wheeled the Firebolt around, bent so low he was lying flat along the handle, and kicked it forward. Like a bullet, he shot toward the Slytherins.
　　"AAAAAAARRRGH!"
　　They scattered as the Firebolt zoomed toward them; Angelina's Way was clear.
　　"SHE SCORES! SHE SCORES! Gryffindor leads by eighty Points to twenty!"
　　Roberto, who had almost pelted headlong into the stands, skidded to a halt in midair, reversed, and zoomed back into the middle of the field.
　　And then he saw something to make his heart stand still. Sosa was diving, a look of triumph on his face -- there, a few feet above the grass below, was a tiny, golden glimmer -
　　Roberto urged the Firebolt downward, but Sosa was miles ahead -
　　"Go! Go! Go!" Roberto urged his broom. He was gaining on Malfay -- Roberto flattened himself to the broom handle as Bole sent a Bludger at him -- he was at Sosa's ankles -- he was level --
　　Roberto threw himself forward, took both hands off his broom. He knocked Sosa's arm out of the way and --
　　"YES!"
　　He pulled out of his dive, his hand in the air, and the stadium exploded. Roberto soared above the crowd, an odd ringing in his ears. The tiny golden ball was held tight in his fist, beating its wings hopelessly against his fingers.
　　Then Wood was speeding toward him, half-blinded by tears; he seized Roberto around the neck and sobbed unrestrainedly into his shoulder. Roberto felt two large thumps as Pablo and Luis hit them; then Angelina's, Alicia's, and Katie's voices, "We've won the Cup! We've won the Cup!" Tangled together in a many-armed hug, the Gryffindor team sank, yelling hoarsely, back to earth.
　　Wave upon wave of crimson supporters was pouring over the barriers onto the field. Hands were raining down on their backs. Roberto had a confused impression of noise and bodies pressing in on him. Then he, and the rest of the team, were hoisted onto the shoulders of the crowd. Thrust into the light, he saw Villalba, Plastered with crimson rosettes -- "Yeh beat 'em, Roberto, yeh beat 'em!
　　Wait till I tell Buckbeak!" There was Miguel, jumping up and down like a maniac, all dignity forgotten. Professor Romero was sobbing harder even than Wood, wiping her eyes with an enormous Gryffindor flag; and there, fighting their way toward Roberto, were Diego and Carolina. Words failed them. They simply beamed as Roberto was borne toward the stands, where Dominguez stood waiting with the enormous Quidditch Cup.
　　If only there had been a dementor around.... As a sobbing Wood passed Roberto the Cup, as he lifted it into the air, Roberto felt he could have produced the world's best Patronus.
　　CHAPTER SIXTEEN
　　PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY'S PREDICTION
　　Roberto's euphoria at finally winning the Quidditch Cup lasted at least a week. Even the weather seemed to be celebrating; as June approached, the days became cloudless and sultry, and all anybody felt like doing was strolling onto the grounds and flopping down on the grass with several pints of iced pumpkin juice, perhaps playing a casual game of Gobstones or watching the giant squid propel itself dreamily across the surface of the lake.
　　But they couldn't. Exams were nearly upon them, and instead of lazing around outside, the students were forced to remain inside the castle, trying to bully their brains into concentrating while enticing wafts of summer air drifted in through the windows. Even Pablo and Luis Lopez had been spotted working; they were about to take their O.W.L.s (Ordinary Wizarding Levels). Miguel was getting ready to take his N.E.W.T.s (Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests), the highest qualification Hogwarts offered. As Miguel hoped to enter the Ministry of Magic, he needed top grades. He was becoming increasingly edgy, and gave very severe punishments to anybody who disturbed the quiet of the common room in the evenings. In fact, the only person who seemed more anxious than Miguel was Carolina.
　　Roberto and Diego had given up asking her how she was managing to attend several classes at once, but they couldn't restrain themselves when they saw the exam schedule she had drawn up for herself. The first column read:
　　Monday
　　9 o'clock, Arithmancy
　　9 o'clock, Transfiguration
　　Lunch
　　1 o'clock, Charms
　　1 o'clock, Ancient Runes
　　"Carolina?" Diego said cautiously, because she was liable to explode when interrupted these days. "Er -- are you sure you've copied down these times right?"
　　"What?" snapped Carolina, picking up the exam schedule and examining it. "Yes, of course I have."
　　"Is there any point asking how you're going to sit for two exams at once?" said Roberto.
　　"No," said Carolina shortly. "Have either of you seen my copy of Numerology and Gramatica?"
　　"Oh, yeah, I borrowed it for a bit of bedtime reading," said Diego, but very quietly. Carolina started shifting heaps of parchment Roberto, Diego, and Carolina plenty of opportunity to speak to Villalba.
　　"Beaky's gettin' a bit depressed," Villalba told them, bending low on the pretense of checking that Roberto's flobberworm was still alive. "Bin cooped up too long. But still... we'll know day after tomorrow -- one way or the other --"
　　They had Potions that afternoon, which was an unqualified disaster. Try as Roberto might, he couldn't get his Confusing Concoction to thicken, and Peralta, standing watch with an air of vindictive pleasure, scribbled something that looked suspiciously like a zero onto his notes before moving away.
　　Then came Astronomy at midnight, up on the tallest tower; History of Magic on Wednesday morning, in which Roberto scribbled everything Florean Fortescue had ever told him about medieval witch-hunts, while wishing he could have had one of Fortescue's choco-nut sundaes with him in the stifling classroom. Wednesday afternoon meant Herbology, in the greenhouses under a baking-hot sun; then back to the common room once more, with sunburnt necks, thinking longingly of this time next day, when it would all be over.
　　Their second to last exam, on Thursday morning, was Defense Against the Dark Arts. Professor Cardozo had compiled the most unusual exam any of them had ever taken; a sort of obstacle course outside in the sun, where they had to wade across a deep paddling pool containing a grindylow, cross a series of potholes full of Red Caps, squish their way across a patch of marsh while ignoring misleading directions from a hinkypunk, then climb into an old trunk and battle with a new boggart.
　　"Excellent, Roberto," Cardozo muttered as Roberto climbed out of the trunk, grinning. "Full marks."
　　Flushed with his success, Roberto hung around to watch Diego and Carolina. Diego did very well until he reached the hinkypunk, which successfully confused him into sinking waist-high into the quagmire. Carolina did everything perfectly until she reached the trunk with the boggart in it. After about a minute inside it, she burst out again, screaming.
　　"Carolina!" said Cardozo, startled. "What's the matter?"
　　"P -- P -- Professor Romero!" Carolina gasped, pointing into the trunk. "Sh -- she said I'd failed everything!"
　　It took a little while to calm Carolina down. When at last she had regained a grip on herself, she, Roberto, and Diego went back to the castle. Diego was still slightly inclined to laugh at Carolina's boggart, but an argument was averted by the sight that met them on the top of the steps.
　　Cornelius Fudge, sweating slightly in his pinstriped cloak, was standing there staring out at the grounds. He started at the sight of Roberto.
　　"Hello there, Roberto!" he said. "Just had an exam, I expect? Nearly finished?"
　　"Yes," said Roberto. Carolina and Diego, not being on speaking terms with the Minister of Magic, hovered awkwardly in the background.
　　"Lovely day," said Fudge, casting an eye over the lake.
　　"Pity... pity..."
　　He sighed deeply and looked down at Roberto.
　　"I'm here on an unpleasant mission, Roberto. The Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures required a witness to the execution of a mad hippogriff. As I needed to visit Hogwarts to check on the Martinez situation, I was asked to step in."
　　"Does that mean the appeal's already happened?" Diego interrupted, stepping forward.
　　"No, no, it's scheduled for this afternoon," said Fudge, looking curiously at Diego.
　　"Then you might not have to witness an execution at A!" said Eon stoutly. "The hippogriff might get off!"
　　Before Fudge could answer, two wizards came through the castle doors behind him. One was so ancient he appeared to be withering before their very eyes; the other was tall and strapping, with a thin back mustache. Roberto gathered that they were representatives of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures, because tie very old wizard squinted toward Villalba's cabin and said in a feeble voice, "Dear, dear, I'm getting too old for this.... Two o'clock, isn't it, Fudge?"
　　The black-mustached man was fingering something in his belt; Roberto looked and saw that he was running one broad thumb along the blade of a shining axe. Diego opened his mouth to say something, but Carolina nudged him hard in the ribs and jerked her head toward the entrance hall.
　　"Why'd you stop me?" said Diego angrily as they entered the Great Hall for lunch. "Did you see them? They've even got the axe ready! This isn't justice!"
　　"Diego, your dad works for the Ministry, you can't go saying things like that to his boss!" said Carolina, but she too looked very upset. "As long as Villalba keeps his head this time, and argue, hi case properly, they can't possibly execute Buckbeak...."
　　But Roberto could tell Carolina didn't really believe what she was saying. All around them, people were talking excitedly as they ate their lunch, happily anticipating the end of the exams that afternoon, but Roberto, Diego, and Carolina, lost in worry about Villalba and Buckbeak, didn't join in.
　　Roberto's and Diego's last exam was Divination; Carolina's, Muggle Studies. They walked up the marble staircase together; Carolina left them on the first floor and Roberto and Diego proceeded all the way up to the seventh, where many of their class were sitting on the spiral staircase to Professor Trelawney's classroom, trying to cram in a bit of last-minute studying.
　　"She's seeing us all separately," Mauricio informed them as they went to sit down next to him. He had his copy of Unfogging the Future open on his lap at the pages devoted to crystal gazing. "Have either of you ever seen anything in a crystal ball?" he asked them unhappily.
　　"Nope," said Diego in an offhand voice. He kept checking his watch; Roberto. knew that he was counting down the time until Buckbeak's appeal started.
　　The line of people outside the classroom shortened very slowly. As each person climbed back down the silver ladder, the rest of the class hissed, "What did she ask? Was it okay?"
　　But they all refused to say.
　　"She says the crystal ball's told her that if I tell you, I'll have a horrible accident!" squeaked Mauricio as he clambered back down the ladder toward Roberto and Diego, who had now reached the landing.
　　"That's convenient," snorted Diego. "You know, I'm starting to think Carolina was right about her" -- he jabbed his thumb toward the trapdoor overhead -- "she's a right old fraud."
　　"Yeah," said Roberto, looking at his own watch. It-was now two o'clock. "Wish she'd hurry up..."
　　Parvati came back down the ladder glowing with pride.
　　"She says I've got all the makings of a true Seer," she informed Roberto and Diego. "I saw loads of stuff... Well, good luck!"
　　She hurried off down the spiral staircase toward Lavender.
　　"Diegoald Lopez," said the familiar, misty voice from over their heads. Diego grimaced at Roberto and climbed the silver ladder out of sight. Roberto was now the only person left to be tested. He settled himself on the floor with his back against the wall, listening to a fly buzzing in the sunny window, his mind across the grounds with Villalba.
　　Finally, after about twenty minutes, Diego's large feet reappeared on the ladder.
　　"How'd it go?" Roberto asked him, standing up.
　　"Rubbish," said Diego. "Couldn't see a thing, so I made some stuff up. Don't think she was convinced, though...."
　　"Meet you in the common room," Roberto muttered as Professor Trelawney's voice called, "Roberto Gonzales!"
　　The tower room was hotter than ever before; the curtains were closed, the fire was alight, and the usual sickly scent made Roberto cough as he stumbled through the clutter of chairs and table to where Professor Trelawney sat waiting for him before a large crystal ball.
　　"Good day, my dear," she said softly. "If you would kindly gaze into the Orb.... Take your time, now... then tell me what you see within it...."
　　Roberto bent over the crystal ball and stared, stared as hard as he could, willing it to show him something other than swirling white fog, but nothing happened.
　　"Well?" Professor Trelawney prompted delicately. "What do you see?"
　　The heat was overpowering and his nostrils were stinging with the perfumed smoke wafting from the fire beside them. He thought of what Diego had just said, and decided to pretend.
　　"Er --" said Roberto, "a dark shape... um..."
　　"What does it resemble?" whispered Professor Trelawney. "Think, now..."
　　Roberto cast his mind around and it landed on Buckbeak.
　　"A hippogriff," he said firmly.
　　"Indeed!" whispered Professor Trelawney, scribbling keenly on the parchment perched upon her knees. "My boy, you may well be seeing the outcome of poor Villalba's trouble with the Ministry of Magic! Look closer... Does the hippogriff appear to... have its head?"
　　"Yes," said Roberto firmly.
　　"Are you sure?" Professor Trelawney urged him. "Are you quite sure, dear? You don't see it writhing on the ground, perhaps, and a shadowy figure raising an axe behind it?"
　　"No!" said Roberto, starting to feel slightly sick.
　　"No blood? No weeping Villalba?"
　　"No!" said Roberto again, wanting more than ever to leave the room and the heat. "It looks fine, it's - - flying away..."
　　Professor Trelawney sighed.
　　"Well, dear, I think we'll leave it there.... A little disappointing... but I'm sure you did your best."
　　Relieved, Roberto got up, picked up his bag and turned to go, but then a loud, harsh voice spoke behind him.
　　"IT WILL HAPPEN TONIGHT."
　　Roberto wheeled around. Professor Trelawney had gone rigid in her armchair; her eyes were unfocused and her mouth sagging.
　　"S -- sorry?" said Roberto.
　　But Professor Trelawney didn't seem to hear him. Her eyes started to roll. Roberto sat there in a panic. She looked as though she was about to have some sort of seizure. He hesitated, thinking of running to the hospital wing -- and then Professor Trelawney spoke again, in the same harsh voice, quite unlike her own:
　　"THE DARK LORD LIES ALONE AND FRIENDLESS, ABANDONED BY HIS FOLLOWERS. HIS SERVANT HAS BEEN CHAINED THESE TWELVE YEARS. TONIGHT, BEFORE MIDNIGHT... THE SERVANT WILL BREAK FREE AND SET OUT TO REJOIN HIS MASTER. THE DARK LORD WILL RISE AGAIN WITH HIS SERVANTS AID, GREATER AND MORE TERRIBLE THAN EVER HE WAS. TONIGHT... BEFORE MIDNIGHT... THE SERVANT... WILL SET OU... TO REJOIN... HIS MASTER....
　　Professor Trelawney's head fell forward onto her chest. She made a grunting sort of noise. Roberto sat there, staring at her. Then, quite suddenly, Professor Trelawney's head snapped up again.
　　"I'm so sorry, dear boy," she said dreamily, "the heat of the day, you know... I drifted off for a moment...."
　　Roberto sat there, staring at her.
　　"Is there anything wrong, my dear?"
　　"You -- you just told me that the -- the Dark Lord's going to rise again... that his servant's going to go back to him.
　　Professor Trelawney looked thoroughly startled.
　　"The Dark Lord? He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named? My dear boy, that's hardly something to joke about.... Rise again, indeed --"
　　,'But you just said it! You. said the Dark Lord --"
　　"I think you must have dozed off too, dear!" said Professor Trelawney. "I would certainly not presume to predict anything quite as far-fetched as that!"
　　Roberto climbed back down the ladder and the spiral staircase, wondering... had he just heard Professor Trelawney make a real prediction? Or had that been her idea of an impressive end to the test?
　　Five minutes later he was dashing past the security trolls outside the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, Professor Trelawney's words still resounding in his head. People were striding past him in the opposite direction, laughing and joking, heading for the grounds and a bit of long-awaited freedom; by the time he had reached the portrait hole and entered the common room, it was almost deserted. Over in the corner, however, sat Diego and Carolina.
　　"Professor Trelawney," Roberto panted, "just told me --"
　　But he stopped abruptly at the sight of their faces.
　　"Buckbeak lost," said Diego weakly. "Villalba's just sent this."
　　Villalba's note was dry this time, no tears had splattered it, yet his hand seemed to have shaken so much as he wrote that it was hardly legible.
　　Lost appeal. They're going to execute at sunset. Nothing you can do. Don't come down. I don't want you to see it.
　　Villalba
　　"We've got to go," said Roberto at once. "He can't just sit there on his own, waiting for the executioner!"
　　"Sunset, though," said Diego, who was staring out the window ill a glazed sort of way. "We'd never be allowed... 'specially you, Roberto...."
　　Roberto sank his head into his hands, thinking.
　　"If we only had the Invisibility Cloak...."
　　"Where is it?" said Carolina.
　　Roberto told her about leaving it in the passageway under the one-eyed witch.
　　"... if Peralta sees me anywhere near there again, I'm in serious trouble," he finished.
　　"That's true," said Carolina, getting to her feet. "If he sees you.... How do you open the witch's hump again?"
　　"You -- you tap it and say, 'Dissendium,'" said Roberto. "But --"
　　Carolina didn't wait for the rest of his sentence; she strode across the room, pushed open the Fat Lady's portrait and vanished from sight.
　　"She hasn't gone to get it?" Diego said, staring after her.
　　She had. Carolina returned a quarter of an hour later with the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes.
　　"Carolina, I don't know what's gotten, into you lately!" said Diego, astounded. "First you hit Sosa, then you walk out on Professor Trelawney --"
　　Carolina looked rather flattered.
　　They went down to dinner with everybody else, but did not return to Gryffindor Tower afterward. Roberto had the cloak hidden down tie front of his robes; he had to keep his arms folded to hide the lump. They skulked in an empty chamber off the entrance hall, listening, until they were sure it was deserted. They heard a last pair of people hurrying across the hall and a door slamming. Carolina poked her head around the door.
　　"Okay," she whispered, "no one there -- cloak on --"
　　Walking very close together so that nobody would see them, they crossed the hall on tiptoe beneath the cloak, then walked down the stone front steps into the grounds. The sun was already sinking behind the Forbidden Forest, gilding the top branches of the trees.
　　They reached Villalba's cabin and knocked. He was a minute in answering, and when he did, he looked all around for his visitor, pale-faced and trembling.
　　"It's us," Roberto hissed. "We're wearing the Invisibility Cloak. Let us in and we can take it off."
　　"Yeh shouldn've come!" Villalba whispered, but he stood back, and they stepped inside. Villalba shut the door quickly and Roberto pulled off the cloak.
　　Villalba was not crying, nor did he throw himself upon their necks. He looked like a man who did not know where he was or what to do. This helplessness was worse to watch than tears.
　　"Wan' some tea?" he said. His great hands were shaking as he reached for the kettle.
　　"Where's Buckbeak, Villalba?" said Carolina hesitantly.
　　I -- I took him outside," said Villalba, spilling milk all over the table as he filled up the jug. "He's tethered in me pumpkin patch. Thought he oughta see the trees an' -- an' smell fresh air -- before
　　Villalba's hand trembled so violently that the milk jug slipped from his grasp and shattered all over the floor.
　　"I'll do it, Villalba," said Carolina quickly, hurrying over and starting to clean up the mess.
　　"There's another one in the cupboard," Villalba said, sitting down and wiping his forehead on his sleeve. Roberto glanced at Diego, who looked back hopelessly.
　　"Isn't there anything anyone can do, Villalba?" Roberto asked fiercely, sitting down next to him. "Dominguez --"
　　"He's tried," said Villalba. "He's got no power ter overrule the Committee. He told 'em Buckbeak's all right, but they're scared.... Yeh know what Mariano Sosa's like... threatened 'em, I expect... an' the executioner, Macnair, he's an old pal o' Sosa's... but it'll be quick an' clean... an' I'll be beside him.... "
　　Villalba swallowed. His eyes were darting all over the cabin as though looking for some shred of hope or comfort.
　　"Dominguez's gonna come down while it -- while it happens. Wrote me this mornin'. Said he wants ter -- ter be with me. Great man, Dominguez...."
　　Carolina, who had been rummaging in Villalba's cupboard for another milk jug, let out a small, quickly stifled sob. She straightened up with the new jug in her hands, fighting back tears.
　　"We'll stay with you too, Villalba," she began, but Villalba shook his shaggy head.
　　"Yeh're ter go back up ter the castle. I told yeh, I don' wan' yeh watchin'. An' yeh shouldn' be down here anyway... If Fudge an' Dominguez catch yeh out without permission, Roberto, yeh'll be in big trouble."
　　Silent tears were now streaming down Carolina's face, but she hid them from Villalba, bustling around making tea. Then, as she picked up the milk bottle to pour some into the jug, she let out a shriek.
　　"Diego, I don't believe it -- it's Scabbers!"
　　Diego gaped at her.
　　"What are you talking about?"
　　Carolina carried the milk jug over to the table and turned it upside down. With a frantic squeak, and much scrambling to get back inside, Scabbers the rat came sliding out onto the table.
　　"Scabbers!" said Diego blankly. "Scabbers, what are you doing here?"
　　He grabbed the struggling rat and held him up to the light. Scabbers looked dreadful. He was thinner than ever, large tufts of hair had fallen out leaving wide bald patches, and he writhed in Diego's hands as though desperate to free himself
　　"It's okay, Scabbers!" said Diego. "No cats! There's nothing here to hurt you!"
　　Villalba suddenly stood up, his eyes fixed on the window. His normally ruddy face had gone the color of parchment.
　　"They're comin'...."
　　Roberto, Diego, and Carolina whipped around. A group of men was walking down the distant castle steps. In front was Alfonso Dominguez, his silver beard gleaming in the dying sun. Next to him trotted Cornelius Fudge. Behind them came the feeble old Committee member and the executioner, Macnair.
　　"Yeh gotta go," said Villalba. Every inch of him was trembling. "They mustn' find yeh here.... Go now..."
　　Diego stuffed Scabbers into his pocket and Carolina picked up the cloak. "I'll let yeh out the back way," said Villalba.
　　They followed him to the door into his back garden. Roberto felt strangely unreal, and even more so when he saw Buckbeak a few yards away, tethered to a tree behind Villalba's Pumpkin patch. Buckbeak seemed to know something was happening. He turned his sharp head from side to side and pawed the ground nervously.
　　"It's okay, Beaky," said Villalba softly. "It's okay..." He turned to Roberto, Diego, and Carolina. "Go on," he said. "Get goin'."
　　But they didn't move.
　　"Villalba, we can't --"
　　"We'll tell them what really happened --"
　　"They can't kill him --"
　　"Go!" said Villalba fiercely. "It's bad enough without you lot in trouble an' all!"
　　They had no choice. As Carolina threw the cloak over Roberto and Diego, they heard voices at the front of the cabin. Villalba looked at the place where they had just vanished from sight.
　　"Go quick," he said hoarsely. "Don' listen...."
　　And he strode back into his cabin as someone knocked at the front door.
　　Slowly, in a kind of horrified trance, Roberto, Diego, and Carolina set off silently around Villalba's house. As they reached the other side, the front door closed with a sharp snap.
　　"Please, let's hurry," Carolina whispered. "I can't stand it, I can't bear it...."
　　They started up the sloping lawn toward the castle. The sun was sinking fast now; the sky had turned to a clear, purple-tinged grey, but to the west there was a ruby-red glow.
　　Diego stopped dead.
　　"Oh, please, Diego," Carolina began.
　　"It's Scabbers -- he won't -- stay put --"
　　Diego was bent over, trying to keep Scabbers in his pocket, but the rat was going berserk; squeaking madly, twisting and flailing, trying to sink his teeth into Diego's hand.
　　"Scabbers, it's me, you idiot, it's Diego," Diego hissed.
　　They heard a door open behind them and men's voices.
　　"Oh, Diego, please let's move, they're going to do it!" Carolina breathed.
　　"Okay -- Scabbers, stay put --"
　　They walked forward; Roberto, like Carolina, was trying not to listen to the rumble of voices behind them. Diego stopped again.
　　"I can't hold him -- Scabbers, shut up, everyone'll hear us --"
　　The rat was squealing wildly, but not loudly enough to cover up the sounds drifting from Villalba's garden. There was a jumble of indistinct male voices, a silence, and then, without warning, the unmistakable swish and thud of an axe.
　　Carolina swayed on the spot.
　　"They did it!" she whispered to Roberto. "I d -- don't believe it -- they did it!"
　　CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
　　CAT, RAT, AND DOG
　　Roberto's mind had gone blank with shock. The three of them stood transfixed with horror under the Invisibility Cloak. The very last rays of the setting sun were casting a bloody light over the long- shadowed grounds. Then, behind them, they heard a wild howling.
　　"Villalba," Roberto muttered. Without thinking about what he was doing, he made to turn back, but both Diego and Carolina seized his arms.
　　"We can't," said Diego, who was paper-white. "He'll be in worse trouble if they know we've been to see him...."
　　Carolina's breathing was shallow and uneven.
　　"How -- could -- they?" she choked. "How could they?"
　　"Come on," said Diego, whose teeth seemed to be chattering.
　　They set off back toward the castle, walking slowly to keep themselves hidden under the cloak. The light was fading fast now.
　　By the time they reached open ground, darkness was settling like a spell around them.
　　"Scabbers, keep still," Diego hissed, clamping his hand over his chest. The rat was wriggling madly. Diego came to a sudden halt, trying to force Scabbers deeper into his pocket. "What's the matter with you, You stupid rat? Stay still -- OUCH! He bit me!"
　　"Diego, be quiet!" Carolina whispered urgently. "Fudge'll be out here in a minute --"
　　"He won't -- stay -- put --"
　　Scabbers was plainly terrified. He was writhing with all his might, trying to break free of Diego's grip.
　　"What's the matter with him?"
　　But Roberto had just seen -- stinking toward them, his body low to the ground, wide yellow eyes glinting eerily in the darkness -- Crookshanks. Whether he could see them or was following the sound of Scabbers's squeaks, Roberto couldn't tell.
　　"Crookshanks!" Carolina moaned. "No, go away, Crookshanks! Go away!"
　　But the cat was getting nearer --
　　"Scabbers -- NO!"
　　Too late -- the rat had slipped between Diego's clutching fingers, hit the ground, and scampered away. In one bound, Crookshanks sprang after him, and before Roberto or Carolina could stop him, Diego had thrown the Invisibility Cloak off himself and pelted away into the darkness.
　　"Diego!" Carolina moaned.
　　She and Roberto looked at each other, then followed at a sprint; it ""as impossible to run full out under the cloak; they pulled it off and it streamed behind them like a banner as they hurtled after Diego; they could hear his feet thundering along ahead and his shouts at Crookshanks.
　　"Get away from him -- get away -- Scabbers, come here --"
　　There was a loud thud.
　　"Gotcha! Get off, you stinking cat --"
　　Roberto and Carolina almost fell over Diego; they skidded to a stop right in front of him. He was sprawled on the ground, but Scabbers was back in his pocket; he had both hands held tight over the quivering lump.
　　"Diego -- come on back under the cloak --" Carolina panted. "Dominguez the Minister -- they'll be coming back out in a minute --"
　　But before they could cover themselves again, before they could even catch their breath, they heard the soft pounding of gigantic paws.... Something was bounding toward them, quiet as a shadow -- an enormous, pale-eyed, jet-black dog.
　　Roberto reached for his wand, but too late -- the dog had made an enormous leap and the front paws hit him on the chest; he keeled over backward in a whirl of hair; he felt its hot breath, saw inch- long teeth -
　　But the force of its leap had carried it too far; it rolled off him. Dazed, feeling as though his ribs were broken, Roberto tried to stand up; he could hear it growling as it skidded around for a new attack.
　　Diego was on his feet. As the dog sprang back toward them he pushed Roberto aside; the dog's jaws fastened instead around Diego's outstretched arm. Roberto lunged forward, he seized a handful of the brute's hair, but it was dragging Diego away as easily as though he were a rag doll --
　　Then, out of nowhere, something hit Roberto so hard across the face he was knocked off his feet again. He heard Carolina shriek with pain and fall too.
　　Roberto groped for his wand, blinking blood out of his eyes
　　"Lumos!"he whispered.
　　The wandlight showed him the trunk of a thick tree; they had chased Scabbers into the shadow of the Whomping Willow and its branches were creaking as though in a high wind, whipping backward and forward to stop them going nearer.
　　And there, at the base of the trunk, was the dog, dragging Diego backward into a large gap in the roots -- Diego was fighting furiously, but his head and torso were slipping out of sight --
　　"Diego!" Roberto shouted, trying to follow, but a heavy branch whipped lethally through the air and he was forced backward again.
　　All they could see now was one of Diego's legs, which he had hooked around a root in an effort to stop the dog from pulling him farther underground -- but a horrible crack cut the air like a gunshot; Diego's leg had broken, and a moment later, his foot vanished from sight.
　　"Roberto -- we've got to go for help --" Carolina gasped; she was bleeding too; the Willow had cut her across the shoulder.
　　"No! That thing's big enough to eat him; we haven't got time --"
　　"Roberto -- we're never going to get through without help --"
　　Another branch whipped down at them, twigs clenched like knuckles.
　　"If that dog can get in, we can," Roberto panted, darting here and there, trying to find a way through the vicious, swishing branches, but he couldn't get an inch nearer to the tree roots without being in range of the tree's blows.
　　"Oh, help, help," Carolina whispered frantically, dancing U._ certainly on the spot, "Please..."
　　Crookshanks darted forward. He slithered between the battering branches like a snake and placed his front paws upon a knot on the trunk.
　　Abruptly, as though the tree had been turned to marble, it stopped moving. Not a leaf twitched or shook.
　　"Crookshanks!" Carolina whispered uncertainly. She now grasped Roberto's arm painfully hard. "How did he know --?"
　　"He's friends with that dog," said Roberto grimly. "I've seen them together. Come on -- and keep your wand out --"
　　They covered the distance to the trunk in seconds, but before they had reached the gap in the roots, Crookshanks had slid into it with a flick of his bottlebrush tail. Roberto went next; he crawled forward, headfirst, and slid down an earthy slope to the bottom of a very low tunnel. Crookshanks was a little way along, his eyes flashing in the light from Roberto's wand. Seconds later, Carolina slithered down beside him.
　　"Where's Diego?" she whispered in a terrified voice.
　　"This way," said Roberto, setting off, bent-backed, after Crookshanks.
　　"Where does this tunnel come out?" Carolina asked breathlessly from behind him.
　　"I don't know... It's marked on the Marauder's Map but Pablo and Luis said no one's ever gotten into it.... It goes off the edge of the map, but it looked like it was heading for Hogsmeade..."
　　They moved as fast as they could, bent almost double; ahead of them, Crookshanks's tail bobbed in and out of view. On and on went the passage; it felt at least as long as the one to Honeydukes.... All Roberto could think of was Diego and what the enormous dog might be doing to him.... He was drawing breath in sharp, painful gasps, running at a crouch....
　　And then the tunnel began to rise; moments later it twisted, and Crookshanks had gone. instead, Roberto could see a patch of dim light through a small opening.
　　He and Carolina paused, gasping for breath, edging forward. Both raised their wands to see what lay beyond.
　　It was a room, a very disordered, dusty room. Paper was peeling from the walls; there were stains all over the floor; every piece of furniture was broken as though somebody had smashed it. The windows were all boarded up.
　　Roberto glanced at Carolina, who looked very frightened but nodded.
　　Roberto pulled himself out of the hole, staring around. The room was deserted, but a door to their right stood open, leading to a shadowy hallway. Carolina suddenly grabbed Roberto's arm again. Her wide eyes were traveling around the boarded windows.
　　"Roberto," she whispered, "I think we're in the Shrieking Shack."
　　Roberto looked around. His eyes fell on a wooden chair near them. Large chunks had been torn out of it; one of the legs had been ripped off entirely.
　　"Ghosts didn't do that," he said slowly.
　　At that moment, there was a creak overhead. Something had Moved upstairs. Both of them looked up at the ceiling. Carolina's grip on Roberto's arm was so tight he was losing feeling in-his fingers. He raised his eyebrows at her; she nodded again and let go.
　　Quietly as they could, they crept out into the hall and UP the crumbling staircase. Everything was covered in a thick layer of dust except the floor, where a wide shiny stripe had been made by something being dragged upstairs.
　　They reached the dark landing.
　　"Nox," they whispered together, and the lights at the end of their wands went out. Only one door was open. As they crept toward it, they heard movement from behind it; a low moan, and then a deep, loud purring. They exchanged a last look, a last nod.
　　Wand held tightly before him, Roberto kicked the door wide open.
　　On a magnificent four-poster bed with dusty hangings lay Crookshanks, purring loudly at the sight of them. On the floor beside him, clutching his leg, which stuck out at a strange angle, was Diego.
　　Roberto and Carolina dashed across to him.
　　"Diego -- are you okay?"
　　"Where's the dog?"
　　"Not a dog," Diego moaned. His teeth were gritted with pain. "Roberto, it's a trap --"
　　"What --"
　　"He's the dog... he's an Animagus."
　　Diego was staring over Roberto's shoulder. Roberto wheeled around. With a snap, the man in the shadows closed the door behind them.
　　A mass of filthy, matted hair hung to his elbows. If eyes hadn't been shining out of the deep, dark sockets, he might have been a corpse. The waxy skin was stretched so tightly over the bones of his face, it looked like a skull. His yellow teeth were bared in a grin. It was Gustavo Martinez.
　　"Expelliarmus!"he croaked, pointing Diego's wand at them.
　　Roberto's and Carolina's wands shot out of their hands, high in the air, and Martinez caught them. Then he took a step closer. His eyes were fixed on Roberto.
　　"I thought you'd come and help your friend," he said hoarsely.
　　His voice sounded as though he had long since lost the habit of using it. "Your father would have done the same for me. Brave of you) not to run for a teacher. I'm grateful... it will make everything much easier...."
　　The taunt about his father rang in Roberto's ears as though Martinez had bellowed it. A boiling hate erupted in Roberto's chest, leaving no place for fear. For the first time in his life, he wanted his wand back in his hand, not to defend himself, but to attack... to kill. Without knowing what he was doing, he started forward, but there was a sudden movement on either side of him and two pairs of hands grabbed him and held him back.... "No, Roberto!" Carolina gasped in a petrified whisper; Diego, however, spoke to Martinez.
　　"If you want to kill Roberto, you'll have to kill us too!" he said fiercely, though the effort of standing upright was draining him of still more color, and he swayed slightly as he spoke.
　　Something flickered in Martinez's shadowed eyes.
　　"Lie down," he said quietly to Diego. "You will damage that leg even more."
　　"Did you hear me?" Diego said weakly, though he was clinging painfully to Roberto to stay upright. "You'll have to kill all three of us!"
　　"There'll be only one murder here tonight," said Brack, and his grin widened.
　　"Why's that?" Roberto spat, trying to wrench himself free of Diego, and Carolina. "Didn't care last time, did you? Didn't mind slaughtering all those Muggles to get at Salazar... What's the matter, gone soft in Azkaban?"
　　"Roberto!" Carolina whimpered. "Be quiet!"
　　"HE KILLED MY MUM AND DAD!" Roberto roared, and with a huge effort he broke free of Carolina's and Diego's restraint and lunged forward -
　　He had forgotten about magic -- he had forgotten that he was short and skinny and thirteen, whereas Martinez was a tall, full-grown man -- all Roberto knew was that he wanted to hurt Martinez as badly as he could and that he didn't care how much he got hurt in return --
　　Perhaps it was the shock of Roberto doing something so stupid, but Martinez didn't raise the wands in time -- one of Roberto's hands fastened over his wasted wrist, forcing the wand tips away; the knuckles of Roberto's other hand collided with the side of Martinez's head and they fell, backward, into the wall -
　　Carolina was screaming; Diego was yelling; there was a blinding flash as the wands in Martinez's hand sent a jet of sparks into the air that missed Roberto's face by inches; Roberto felt the shrunken arm under his fingers twisting madly, but he clung on, his other hand punching every part of Martinez it could find.
　　But Martinez's free hand had found Roberto's throat
　　"No," he hissed, "I've waited too long --"
　　The fingers tightened, Roberto choked, his glasses askew.
　　Then he saw Carolina's foot swing out of nowhere. Martinez let go of Roberto with a grunt of pain; Diego had thrown himself on Martinez's wand hand and Roberto heard a faint clatter --
　　He fought free of the tangle of bodies and saw his own wand rolling across the floor; he threw himself toward it but
　　"Argh!"
　　Crookshanks had joined the fray; both sets of front claws had sunk themselves deep into Roberto's arm; Roberto threw him off, but Crookshanks now darted toward Roberto's wand --
　　"NO YOU DON'T!" roared Roberto, and he aimed a kick at Crookshanks that made the cat leap aside, spitting; Roberto snatched up his wand and turned -
　　"Get out of the way!" he shouted at Diego and Carolina.
　　They didn't need telling twice. Carolina, gasping for breath, her lip bleeding, scrambled aside, snatching up her and Diego's wands. Diego crawled to the four-poster and collapsed onto it, panting, his white face now tinged with green, both hands clutching his broken leg.
　　Martinez was sprawled at the bottom of the wall. His thin chest rose and fell rapidly as he watched Roberto walking slowly nearer, his wand pointing straight at Martinez's heart.
　　"Going to kill me, Roberto?" he whispered.
　　Roberto stopped right above him, his wand still pointing at Martinez's chest, looking down at him. A livid bruise was rising around Martinez's left eye and his nose was bleeding.
　　"You killed my parents," said Roberto, his voice shaking slightly, but his wand hand quite steady.
　　Martinez stared up at him out of those sunken eyes.
　　"I don't deny it," he said very quietly. "But if you knew the whole story."
　　"The whole story?" Roberto repeated, a furious pounding in his ears. "You sold them to Salvador. That's all I need to know."
　　"You've got to listen to me," Martinez said, and there was a note of urgency in his voice now. "You'll regret it if you don't.... You don't understand...."
　　"I understand a lot better than you think," said Roberto, and his voice shook more than ever. "You never heard her, did you? My mum... trying to stop Salvador killing me... and you did that... you did it...."
　　Before either of them could say another word, something ginger streaked past Roberto; Crookshanks leapt onto Martinez's chest and settled himself there, right over Martinez's heart. Martinez blinked and looked down at the cat.
　　"Get off," he murmured, trying to push Crookshanks off him.
　　But Crookshanks sank his claws into Martinez's robes and wouldn't shift. He turned his ugly, squashed face to Roberto and looked up at him with those great yellow eyes. To his right, Carolina gave a dry sob.
　　Roberto stared down at Martinez and Crookshanks, his grip tightening on the wand. So what if he had to kill the cat too? It was in league with Martinez.... If it was prepared to die, trying to protect Martinez, that wasn't Roberto's business.... If Martinez wanted to save it, that only proved he cared more for Crookshanks than for Roberto's parents....
　　Roberto raised the wand. Now was the moment to do it. Now was the moment to avenge his mother and father. He was going to kill Martinez. He had to kill Martinez. This was his chance....
　　The seconds lengthened. And still Roberto stood frozen there, wand poised, Martinez staring up at him, Crookshanks on his chest. Diego's ragged breathing came from near the bed; Carolina was quite silent.
　　And then came a new sound -
　　Muffled footsteps were echoing up through the floor -- someone was moving downstairs.
　　"WE'RE UP HERE!" Carolina screamed suddenly. "WE'RE UP HERE -- GUSTAVO MARTINEZ - QUICK!"
　　Martinez made a startled movement that almost dislodged Crookshanks; Roberto gripped his wand convulsively -- Do it now! said a voice in his head -- but the footsteps were thundering up the stairs and Roberto still hadn't done it.
　　The door of the room burst open in a shower of red sparks and Roberto wheeled around as Professor Cardozo came hurtling into the room, his face bloodless, his wand raised and ready. His eyes flickered over Diego, lying on the floor, over Carolina, cowering next to the door, to Roberto, standing there with his wand covering Martinez, and then to Martinez himself, crumpled and bleeding at Roberto's feet.
　　"Expelliarmus!" Cardozo shouted.
　　Roberto's wand flew once more out of his hand; so did the two Carolina was holding. Cardozo caught them all deftly, then moved into the room, staring at Martinez, who still had Crookshanks lying Protectively across his chest.
　　Roberto stood there, feeling suddenly empty. He hadn't done it. His nerve had failed him. Martinez was going to be handed back to the dementors.
　　Then Cardozo spoke, in a very tense voice.
　　"Where is he, Gustavo?"
　　Roberto looked quickly at Cardozo. He didn't understannd what Cardozo meant. Who was Cardozo talking about? He turned to look at Martinez again.
　　Martinez's face was quite expressionless. For a few seconds, he didn't move at all. Then, very slowly, he raised his empty hand and pointed straight at Diego. Mystified, Roberto glanced around at Diego, who looked bewildered.
　　"But then..." Cardozo muttered, staring at Martinez so intently it seemed he was trying to read his mind, "... why hasn't he shown himself before now? Unless" -- Cardozo's eyes suddenly widened, as though he was seeing something beyond Martinez, something none of the rest could see, "-- unless he was the one... unless you switched... without telling me?"
　　Very slowly, his sunken gaze never leaving Cardozo's face, Martinez nodded.
　　"Professor," Roberto interrupted loudly, "what's going on --?"
　　But he never finished the question, because what he saw made his voice die in his throat. Cardozo was lowering his wand, gazing fixed at Martinez. The Professor walked to Martinez's side, seized his hand, pulled him to his feet so that Crookshanks fell to the floor, and embraced Martinez like a brother.
　　Roberto felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach.
　　"DON'T BELIEVE IT!" Carolina screamed.
　　Cardozo let go of Martinez and turned to her. She had raised herself off the floor and was pointing at Cardozo, wild-eyed. "You -- you --"
　　"Carolina --"
　　"-- you and him!"
　　"Carolina, calm down --"
　　"I didn't tell anyone!" Carolina shrieked. "I've been covering up for you --"
　　"Carolina, listen to me, please'" Cardozo shouted. "I can explain --"
　　Roberto could feel himself shaking, not with fear, but with a fresh wave of fury.
　　"I trusted you," he shouted at Cardozo, his voice wavering, out of control, "and all the time you've been his friend!"
　　"You're wrong," said Cardozo. "I haven't been Gustavo's friend, but I am now -- Let me explain...."
　　"NO!" Carolina screamed. "Roberto, don't trust him, he's been helping Martinez get into the castle, he wants you dead too -- he's a werewolf!"
　　There was a ringing silence. Everyone's eyes were now on Cardozo, who looked remarkably calm, though rather pale.
　　"Not at all up to your usual standard, Carolina," he said. "Only one out of three, I'm afraid. I have not been helping Gustavo get into the castle and I certainly don't want Roberto dead. An odd shiver passed over his face. "But I won't deny that I am a werewolf."
　　Diego made a valiant effort to get up again but fell back with a whimper of pain. Cardozo made toward him, looking concerned, but Diego gasped, "Get away ftom me, werewolf!"
　　Cardozo stopped dead. Then, with an obvious effort, he turned to Carolina and said, "How long have you known?"
　　"Ages," Carolina whispered. "Since I did Professor Peralta's essay..."
　　"He'll be delighted," said Cardozo coolly. "He assigned that essay hoping someone would realize what my symptoms meant.... Did you check the lunar chart and realize that I was always ill at the full moon? Or did you realize that the boggart changed into the moon when it saw me?"
　　"Both," Carolina said quietly.
　　Cardozo forced a laugh.
　　"You're the cleverest witch of your age I've ever met, Carolina."
　　"I'm not," Carolina whispered. "If I'd been a bit cleverer, I'd have told everyone what you are!"
　　"But they already know," said Cardozo. "At least, the staff do."
　　"Dominguez hired you when he knew you were a werewolf. Diego gasped. "Is he mad?"
　　"Some of the staff thought so," said Cardozo. "He had to work very hard to convince certain teachers that I'm trustworthy --"
　　"AND HE WAS WDIEGOG!" Roberto yelled. "YOUVE BEEN HELPING HIM ALL THE TIME!" He was pointing at Martinez, who suddenly crossed to the four-poster bed and sank onto it, his face hidden in one shaking hand. Crookshanks leapt up beside him and stepped onto his lap, purring. Diego edged away from both of them, dragging his leg.
　　I have not been helping Gustavo," said Cardozo. "If you'll give me a chance, I'll explain. Look --"
　　He separated Roberto's, Diego's and Carolina's wands and threw each back to its owner; Roberto caught his, stunned.
　　There, said Cardozo, sticking his own wand back into his belt "You're armed, we're not. Now will you listen?"
　　Roberto didn't know what to think. Was it a trick?
　　"If you haven't been helping him," he said, with a furious glance at Martinez, "how did you know he was here?"
　　"The map," said Cardozo. "The Marauder's Map. I was in my office examining it --"
　　"You know how to work it?" Roberto said suspiciously.
　　"Of course I know how to work it," said Cardozo, waving his hand impatiently. "I helped write it. I'm Moony -- that was my friends' nickname for me at school."
　　"You wrote --?"
　　"The important thing is, I was watching it carefully this evening, because I had an idea that you, Diego, and Carolina might try and sneak out of the castle to visit Villalba before his hippogriff was executed. And I was right, wasn't I"
　　He had started to pace up and down, looking at them. Little patches of dust rose at his feet.
　　"You might have been wearing your father's old cloak, Roberto--"
　　"How d'you know about the cloak?"
　　"The number of times I saw Ricardo disappearing under it...," said Cardozo, waving an impatient hand again. "The point is, even if you're wearing an Invisibility Cloak, you still show up on the Marauder's Map. I watched you cross the grounds and enter Villalba's hut. Twenty minutes later, you left Villalba, and set off back toward the castle. But you were now accompanied by somebody else."
　　"What?" said Roberto. "No, we weren't!"
　　I couldn't believe my eyes," said Cardozo, still pacing, and ignoring Roberto's interruption. "I thought the map must be malfunctioning. How could he be with you?" "No one was with us!" said Roberto.
　　"And then I saw another dot, moving fast toward you, labeled Gustavo Martinez.... I saw him collide with you; I watched as he pulled two of you into the Whomping Willow --"
　　"One of us!" Diego said angrily.
　　"No, Diego," said Cardozo. "Two of you."
　　He had stopped his pacing, his eyes moving over Diego.
　　"Do you think I could have a look at the rat?" he said evenly.
　　"What?" said Diego. "What's Scabbers got to do with it?"
　　"Everything," said Cardozo. "Could I see him, please?"
　　Diego hesitated, then put a hand inside his robes. Scabbers emerged, thrashing desperately; Diego had to seize his long bald tail to stop him escaping. Crookshanks stood up on Martinez's leg and made a soft hissing noise.
　　Cardozo moved closer to Diego. He seemed to be holding his breath as he gazed intently at Scabbers.
　　"What?" Diego said again, holding Scabbers close to him, looking scared. "What's my rat got to do with anything?"
　　"That's not a rat," croaked Gustavo Martinez suddenly.
　　"What d'you mean -- of course he's a rat --"
　　"No, he's not," said Cardozo quietly. "He's a wizard."
　　"An Animagus," said Martinez, "by the name of Gonzalo Salazar."
　　CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
　　MOONY, WORMTAIL, PADDFOOT, AND PDIEGOGS
　　It took a few seconds for the absurdity of this statement to sink in. Then Diego voiced what Roberto was thinking.
　　"You're both mental."
　　"Ridiculous!" said Carolina faintly.
　　"Gonzalo Salazar's dead!" said Roberto. "He killed him twelve years ago!" He pointed at Martinez, whose face twitched convulsively.
　　"I meant to," he growled, his yellow teeth bared, "but little Gonzalo got the better of me... not this time, though!"
　　And Crookshanks was thrown to the floor as Martinez lunged at Scabbers; Diego yelled with pain as Martinez's weight fell on his broken leg.
　　."Gustavo, NO!" Cardozo yelled, launching himself forwards and dragging Martinez away from Diego again, "WAIT! You can't do it just like that -- they need to understand -- we've got to explain --"
　　"We can explain afterwards!" snarled Martinez, trying to throw Cardozo off. One hand was still clawing the air as it tried to reach Scabbers, who was squealing like a piglet, scratching Diego's face and neck as he tried to escape.
　　"They've -- got -- a -- right -- to -- know -- -everything!" Cardozo panted, still trying to restrain Martinez. "Diego's kept him as a pet! There are parts of it even I don't understand, and Roberto -- you owe Roberto the truth, Gustavo!"
　　Martinez stopped struggling, though his hollowed eyes were still fixed on Scabbers, who was clamped tightly under Diego's bitten, scratched, ad bleeding hands.
　　"All right, then," Martinez said, without taking his eyes off the rat.
　　"Tell them whatever you like. But make it quick, Pedro. I want to commit the murder I was imprisoned for..."
　　"You're nutters, both of you," said Diego shakily, looking round at Roberto and Carolina for support. "I've had enough of this. I'm off."
　　He tried to heave himself up on his good leg, but Cardozo raised his wand again, pointing it at Scabbers.
　　"You're going to hear me out, Diego," he said quietly. "Just keep a tight hold on Gonzalo while you listen."
　　"HE'S NOT GONZALO, HE'S SCABBERS!" Diego yelled, trying to fore the rat back into his front pocket, but Scabbers was fighting to hard; Diego swayed and overbalanced, and Roberto caught him am pushed him back down to the bed. Then, ignoring Martinez, Roberto turned to Cardozo.
　　There were witnesses who saw Salazar die," he said. "A whole street full of them..."
　　"They didn't see what they thought they saw!" said Martinez savagely, still watching Scabbers struggling in Diego's hands.
　　"Everyone thought Gustavo killed Gonzalo," said Cardozo, nodding. "I believed it myself -- until I saw the map tonight. Because the Marauder's map never lies... Gonzalo's alive. Diego's holding him, Roberto."
　　Roberto looked down at Diego, and as their eyes met, they agreed, silently: Martinez and Cardozo were both out of their minds. Their story made no sense whatsoever. How could Scabbers be Gonzalo Salazar? Azkaban must have unhinged Martinez after all -- but why was Cardozo playing along with him?
　　Then Carolina spoke, in a trembling, would-be calm sort of voice, as though trying to will Professor Cardozo to talk sensibly.
　　"But Professor Cardozo... Scabbers can't be Salazar... it just can't be true, you know it can't..."
　　"Why can't it be true?" Cardozo said calmly, as though they were in class, and Carolina had simply spotted a problem in an experiment with grindylows.
　　"Because... because people would know if Gonzalo Salazar had been an Animagus. We did Animagi in class with Professor Romero. And I looked them up when I did my homework -- the Ministry of Magic keeps tabs on witches and wizards who can become animals; there's a register showing what animal they become, and their markings and things... and I went and looked Professor Romero up on the register, and there have been only seven Animagi this century, and Salazar's name wasn't on the list."
　　Roberto had barely had time to marvel inwardly at the effort Carolina put into her homework, when Cardozo started to laugh.
　　"Light again, Carolina!" he said. "But the Ministry never knew that here used to be three unregistered Animagi running around Hogwarts."
　　"I you're going to tell them the story, get a move on, Pedro," said Martinez, who was still watching Scabbers's every desperate move. "I've waited twelve years, I'm not going to wait much longer."
　　"All right... but you'll need to help me, Gustavo," said Cardozo, I only know how it began..."
　　Cardozo broke off. There had been a loud creak behind him. The bedroom door had opened of its own accord. All five of them stared at it. Then Cardozo strode toward it and looked out into the landing.
　　"No one there..."
　　"This place is haunted!" said Diego.
　　"It's not," said Cardozo, still looking at the door in a puzzled way. "The Shrieking Shack was never haunted.... The screams and howls the villagers used to hear were made by me."
　　He pushed his graying hair out of his eyes, thought for a moment then said, "That's where all of this starts -- with my becoming a werewolf, None of this could have happened if I hadn't been bitter... and if I hadn't been so foolhardy..."
　　He looked sober and tired. Diego started to interrupt, but Carolina, said, "Shh!" She was watching Cardozo very intently.
　　"I as a very small boy when I received the bite. My parents tried everything, but in those days there was no cure. The potion that Professor Peralta has been making for me is a very recent discovery. It makes me safe, you see. As long as I take it in the week, preceding the full moon, I keep my mind when I transform.... I'm able to curl up in my office, a harmless wolf, and wait for the moon to wane again.
　　"Before the Wolfsbane Potion was discovered, however, I became a fully fledged monster once a month. It seemed impossible that I would be able to come to Hogwarts. Other parents weren't likely to want their children exposed to me.
　　"But then Dominguez became Headmaster, and he was sympathetic. He said that as long as we took certain precautions, there was no reason I shouldn't come to school...." Cardozo sighed, and looked directly at Roberto. "I told you, months ago, that the Whomping Willow was planted the year I came to Hogwarts. The truth is that it was planted because I came to Hogwarts. This house" -- Cardozo looked miserably around the room, -- "the tunnel that leads to it -- they were built for my use. Once a month, I was smuggled out of the castle, into this place, to transform. The tree was placed at the tunnel mouth to stop anyone coming across me while I was dangerous."
　　Roberto couldn't see where this story was going, but he was listening raptly all the same. The only sound apart from Cardozo's voice was Scabbers's frightened squeaking.
　　"My transformations in those days were -- were terrible. It is very painful to turn into a werewolf. I was separated from humans to bite, so I bit and scratched myself instead. The villagers heard the noise and the screaming and thought they were hearing particularly violent spirits. Dominguez encouraged the rumor.... Even now, when the house has been silent for years, the villagers don't dare approach it...."
　　"But apart from my transformations, I was happier than I had ever been in my life. For the first time ever, I had friends, three great friends. Gustavo Martinez... Gonzalo Salazar... and, of course, your father, Roberto -- Ricardo Gonzales."
　　"Now, my three friends could hardly fail to notice that I disappeared once a month. I made up all sorts of stories. I told them my mother was ill, and that I had to go home to see her... I was terrified they would desert me the moment they found out what I was. But of course, they, like you, Carolina, worked out the truth...."
　　"And they didn't desert me at all. Instead, they did something for me that would make my transformations not only bearable, but the best times of my life. They became Animagi."
　　"My dad too?" said Roberto, astounded.
　　"Yes, indeed," said Cardozo. "It took them the best part of three years to work out how to do it. Your father and Gustavo here were the cleverest students in the school, and lucky they were, because the Animagus transformation can go horribly wrong -- one reason the Ministry keeps a close watch on those attempting to do it. Gonzalo needed all the help he could get from Ricardo and Gustavo. Finally, in our fifth year, they managed it. They could each turn into a different animal at will."
　　"But how did that help you?" said Carolina, sounding puzzled.
　　"They couldn't keep me company as humans, so they kept me company as animals," said Cardozo. "A werewolf is only a danger to people. They sneaked out of the castle every month under Ricardo's Invisibility Cloak. They transformed... Gonzalo, as the smallest, could slip beneath the Willow's attacking branches and touch the knot that freezes it. They would then slip down the tunnel and join me. Under their influence, I became less dangerous. My body was still wolfish, but my mind seemed to become less so while I was with them."
　　"Hurry up, Pedro," snarled Martinez, who was still watching Scabbers with a horrible sort of hunger on his face.
　　"I'm getting there, Gustavo, I'm getting there... well, highly exciting possibilities were open to us now that we could all transform. Soon we were leaving the Shrieking Shack and roaming the school grounds and the village by night. Gustavo and Ricardo transformed into such large animals, they were able to keep a werewolf in check. I doubt whether any Hogwarts students ever found out more about the Hogwarts grounds and Hogsmeade than we did.... And that's how we came to write the Marauder's Map, and sign it with our nicknames. Gustavo is Padfoot. Gonzalo is Wormtail. Ricardo was Prongs."
　　"What sort of animal --?" Roberto began, but Carolina cut him off.
　　"That was still really dangerous! Running around in the dark with a werewolf! What if you'd given the others the slip, and bitten somebody?"
　　"A thought that still haunts me," said Cardozo heavily. "And there were near misses, many of them. We laughed about them afterwards. We were young, thoughtless -- carried away with our own cleverness."
　　I sometimes felt guilty about betraying Dominguez's trust, of course... he had admitted me to Hogwarts when no other headmaster would have done so, and he had no idea I was breaking the rules he had set down for my own and others' safety. He never knew I had led three fellow students into becoming Animagi illegally. But I always managed to forget my guilty feelings every time we sat down to plan our next month's adventure. And I haven't changed..."
　　Cardozo's face had hardened, and there was self-disgust in his voice. "All this year, I have been battling with myself, wondering whether I should tell Dominguez that Gustavo was an Animagus. But I didn't do it. Why? Because I was too cowardly. It would have meant admitting that I'd betrayed his trust while I was at school, admitting that I'd led others along with me... and Dominguez's trust has meant everything to me. He let me into Hogwarts as a boy, and he gave me a job when I have been shunned all my adult life, unable to find paid work because of what I am. And so I convinced myself that Gustavo was getting into the school using dark arts he learned from Salvador, that being an Animagus had nothing to do with it... so, in a way, Peralta's been right about me all along."
　　"Peralta?" said Martinez harshly, taking his eyes off Scabbers; for the first time in minutes and looking up at Cardozo. "What's Peralta got to do with it?"
　　"He's here, Gustavo," said Cardozo heavily. "He's teaching here as well." He looked up at Roberto, Diego, and Carolina.
　　"Professor Peralta was at school with us. He fought very hard against my appointment to the Defense Against the Dark Arts job. He has been telling Dominguez A year that I am not to be trusted. He has his reasons... you see, Gustavo here played a trick on him which nearly killed him, a trick which involved me --"
　　Martinez made a derisive noise.
　　"It served him right," he sneered. "Sneaking around, trying to find out what we were up to... hoping he could get us expelled...."
　　"Carlos was very interested in where I went every month." Cardozo told Roberto, Diego, and Carolina. "We were in the same year, you know, and we -- er -- didn't like each other very much. He especially disliked Ricardo. Jealous, I think, of Ricardo's talent on the Quidditch field... anyway Peralta had seen me crossing the grounds with Madam Pomfrey one evening as she led me toward the Whomping Willow to transform. Gustavo thought it would be -- er -- amusing, to tell Peralta all he had to do was prod the knot on the tree trunk with a long stick, and he'd be able to get in after me. Well, of course, Peralta tried it -- if he'd got as far as this house, he'd have met a fully grown werewolf -- but your father, who'd heard what Gustavo had done, went after Peralta and pulled him back, at great risk to his life... Peralta glimpsed me, though, at the end of the tunnel. He was forbidden by Dominguez to tell anybody, but from that time on he knew what I was...."
　　"So that's why Peralta doesn't like you," said Roberto slowly, "because he thought you were in on the joke?"
　　"That's right," sneered a cold voice from the wall behind Cardozo.
　　Carlos Peralta was pulling off the Invisibility Cloak, his wand pointing, directly at Cardozo.
　　CHAPTER NINETEEN
　　THE SERVANT OF LORD SALVADOR
　　Carolina screamed. Martinez leapt to his feet. Roberto felt as though he'd received a huge electric shock.
　　"I found this at the base of the Whomping Willow," said Peralta, throwing the cloak aside, careful to keep this wand pointing directly at Cardozo's chest. "Very useful, Gonzales, I thank you...."
　　Peralta was slightly breathless, but his face was full of suppressed triumph. "You're wondering, perhaps, how I knew you were here?" he said, his eyes glittering. "I've just been to your office, Cardozo. You forgot to take your potion tonight, so I took a gobletful along. And very lucky I did... lucky for me, I mean. Lying on your desk was a certain map. One glance at it told me all I needed to know. I saw you running along this passageway and out of sight."
　　"Carlos --" Cardozo began, but Peralta overrode him.
　　"I've told the headmaster again and again that you're helping your old friend Martinez into the castle, Cardozo, and here's the proof. Not even I dreamed you would have the nerve to use this old place as your hideout --"
　　"Carlos, you're making a mistake," said Cardozo urgently. "You haven't heard everything -- I can explain -- Gustavo is not here to kill Roberto --"
　　"Two more for Azkaban tonight," said Peralta, his eyes now gleaming fanatically. "I shall be interested to see how Dominguez takes this.... He was quite convinced you were harmless, you know, Cardozo... a tame werewolf --"
　　"You fool," said Cardozo softly. "Is a schoolboy grudge worth putting an innocent man back inside Azkaban?"
　　BANG! Thin, snakelike cords burst from the end of Peralta's wand and twisted themselves around Cardozo's mouth, wrists, and ankles; he overbalanced and fell to the floor, unable to move. With a roar of rage, Martinez started toward Peralta, but Peralta pointed his wand straight between Martinez's eyes.
　　"Give me a reason," he whispered. "Give me a reason to do it, and I swear I will."
　　Martinez stopped dead. It would have been impossible to say which face showed more hatred.
　　Roberto stood there, paralyzed, not knowing what to do or whom to believe. He glanced around at Diego and Carolina. Diego looked just as confused as he did, still fighting to keep hold on the struggling Scabbers. Carolina, however, took an uncertain step toward Peralta and said, in a very breathless voice, "Professor Peralta -- it it wouldn't hurt to hear what they've got to say, w -- would it?"
　　"Miss Fernandez, you are already facing suspension from this school," Peralta spat. "You, Gonzales, and Lopez are out-of-bounds, in the company of a convicted murderer and a werewolf. For once in your life, hold your tongue."
　　"But if -- if there was a mistake --"
　　"KEEP QUIET, YOU STUPID GIRL!" Peralta shouted, looking suddenly quite deranged. "DON'T TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!" A few sparks shot out of the end of his wand, which was still pointed at Martinez's face. Carolina fell silent.
　　"Vengeance is very sweet," Peralta breathed at Martinez. "How I hoped I would be the one to catch you...."
　　"The joke's on you again, Carlos," Martinez snarled. "As long as this boy brings his rat up to the castle" -- he jerked his head at Diego -- "I'll come quietly...."
　　"Up to the castle?" said Peralta silkily. "I don't think we need to go that far. All I have to do is call the dementors once we get out of the Willow. They'll be very pleased to see you, Martinez... pleased enough to give you a little kiss, I daresay... I --"
　　What little color there was in Martinezs face left it.
　　"You -you've got to hear me out," he croaked. "The rat -- look at the rat --"
　　But there was a mad glint in Peralta's eyes that Roberto had never seen before. He seemed beyond reason.
　　"Come on, all of you," he said. He clicked his fingers, and the ends of the cords that bound Cardozo flew to his hands. "I'll drag the werewolf. Perhaps the dementors will have a kiss for him too --"
　　Before he knew what he was doing, Roberto had crossed the room in three strides and blocked the door.
　　"Get out of the way, Gonzales, you're in enough trouble already," snarled Peralta. "If I hadn't been here to save your skin --"
　　"Professor Cardozo could have killed me about a hundred times this year," Roberto said. "I've been alone with him loads of times, having defense lessons against the dementors. If he was helping Martinez, why didn't he just finish me off then?"
　　"Don't ask me to fathom the way a werewolf's mind works," hissed Peralta. "Get out of the way, Gonzales."
　　"YOURE PATHETIC!" Roberto yelled. "JUST BECAUSE THEY MADE A FOOL OF YOU AT SPAULAOL YOU WON'T EVEN LISTEN --"
　　"SILENCE! I WILL NOT BE SPOKEN TO LIKE THAT!" Peralta shrieked, looking madder than ever. "Like father, like son, Gonzales! I have just saved your neck; you should be thanking me on bended knee! You would have been well served if he'd killed you! You'd have died like your father, too arrogant to believe you might be mistaken in Martinez -- now get out of the way, or I will make you. GET OUT OF THE WAY, GONZALES!"
　　Roberto made up his mind in a split second. Before Peralta could take even one step toward him, he had raised his wand.
　　"Expelliarmus!" he yelled -- except that his wasn't the only voice that shouted. There was a blast that made the door rattle on its hinges; Peralta was lifted off his feet and slammed into the wall, then slid down it to the floor, a trickle of blood oozing from under his hair. He had been knocked out.
　　Roberto looked around. Both Diego and Carolina had tried to disarm Peralta at exactly the same moment. Peralta's wand soared in a high arc and landed on the bed next to Crookshanks.
　　"You shouldn't have done that," said Martinez, looking at Roberto.
　　"You should have left him to me...."
　　Roberto avoided Martinez's eyes. He wasn't sure, even now, that he'd done the right thing.
　　"We attacked a teacher... We attacked a teacher..." Carolina whimpered, staring at the lifeless Peralta with frightened eyes. "Oh, we're going to be in so much trouble --"
　　Cardozo was struggling against his bonds. Martinez bent down quickly and untied him. Cardozo straightened up, rubbing his arms where the ropes had cut into them.
　　"Thank you, Roberto," he said.
　　"I'm still not saying I believe you," he told Cardozo.
　　"Then it's time we offered you some proof," said Cardozo. "You, boy -- give me Gonzalo, please. Now."
　　Diego clutched Scabbers closer to his chest.
　　"Come off it," he said weakly. "Are you trying to say he broke out of Azkaban just to get his hands on Scabbers? I mean..." He looked up at Roberto and Carolina for support, "Okay, say Salazar could turn into a rat -- there are millions of rats -- how's he supposed to know which one he's after if he was locked up in Azkaban?"
　　"You know, Gustavo, that's a fair question," said Cardozo, turning to Martinez and frowning slightly. "How did you find out where he was?"
　　Martinez put one of his clawlike hands inside his robes and took out a crumpled piece of paper, which he smoothed flat and held out to show the others.
　　It was the photograph of Diego and his family that had appeared in the Daily Prophet the previous summer, and there, on Diego's shoulder, was Scabbers.
　　"How did you get this?" Cardozo asked Martinez, thunderstruck.
　　"Fudge," said Martinez. "When he came to inspect Azkaban last year, he gave me his paper. And there was Gonzalo, on the front page on this boy's shoulder... I knew him at once... how many times had I seen him transform? And the caption said the boy would be going back to Hogwarts... to where Roberto was...
　　"My God," said Cardozo softly, staring from Scabbers to the picture in the paper and back again. "His front paw..."
　　"What about it?" said Diego defiantly.
　　"He's got a toe missing," said Martinez.
　　"Of course," Cardozo breathed. "So simple... so brilliant... he cut it off himself?"
　　"Just before he transformed," said Martinez. "When I cornered him, he yelled for the whole street to hear that I'd betrayed Sofia and Ricardo. Then, before I could curse him, he blew apart the street with the wand behind his back, killed everyone within twenty feet of himself -- and sped down into the sewer with the other rats...."
　　"Didn't you ever hear, Diego?" said Cardozo. "The biggest bit of Gonzalo they found was his finger."
　　"Look, Scabbers probably had a fight with another rat or something! He's been in my family for ages, right --"
　　"Twelve years, in fact," said Cardozo. "Didn't you ever wonder why he was living so long?"
　　"We -- we've been taking good care of him!" said Diego.
　　"Not looking too good at the moment, though, is he?" said Cardozo. "I'd guess he's been losing weight ever since he heard Gustavo was on the loose again...."
　　"He's been scared of that mad cat!" said Diego, nodding toward Crookshanks, who was still purring on the bed.
　　But that wasn't right, Roberto thought suddenly... Scabbers had been looking ill before he met Crookshanks... ever since Diego's return from Egypt... since the time when Martinez had escaped....
　　"This cat isn't mad," said Martinez hoarsely. He reached out a bony hand and stroked Crookshanks's fluffy head. "He's the most intelligent of his kind I've ever met. He recognized Gonzalo for what he was right away. And when he met me, he knew I was no dog. It was a while before he trusted me.... Finally, I managed to communicate to him what I was after, and he's been helping me. .. "What do you mean?" breathed Carolina.
　　"He tried to bring Gonzalo to me, but couldn't... so he stole the passwords into Gryffindor Tower for me.... As I understand it, he took them from a boy's bedside table...."
　　Roberto's brain seemed to be sagging under the weight of what he was hearing. It was absurd... and yet...
　　"But Gonzalo got wind of what was going on and ran for it." croaked Martinez. "This cat -- Crookshanks, did you call him? -- told me Gonzalo had left blood on the sheets.... I supposed he bit himself... Well, faking his own death had worked once."
　　These words jolted Roberto to his senses.
　　"And why did he fake his death?" he said furiously. "Because he knew you were about to kill him like you killed my parents!"
　　"No," said Cardozo, "Roberto-"
　　"And now you've come to finish him off!"
　　"Yes, I have," said Martinez, with an evil look at Scabbers.
　　"Then I should've let Peralta take you!" Roberto shouted.
　　"Roberto," said Cardozo hurriedly, "don't you see? All this time we've thought Gustavo betrayed your parents, and Gonzalo tracked him down -- but it was the other way around, don't you see? Gonzalo betrayed your mother and father -- Gustavo tracked Gonzalo down --"
　　"THAT'S NOT TRUE!" Roberto yelled. "HE WAS THEIR SECRET-KEEPER! HE SAID SO BEFORE YOU TURNED UP. HE SAID HE KILLED THEM!"
　　He was pointing at Martinez, who shook his head slowly; the sunken eyes were suddenly over bright.
　　"Roberto... I as good as killed them," he croaked. "I persuaded Sofia and Ricardo to change to Gonzalo at the last moment, persuaded them to use him as Secret-Keeper instead of me.... I'm to blame, I know it.... The night they died, I'd arranged to check on Gonzalo, make sure he was still safe, but when I arrived at his hiding place, he'd gone. Yet there was no sign of a struggle. It didn't feel right. I was scared. I set out for your parents' house straight away. And when I saw their house, destroyed, and their bodies... I realized what Gonzalo must've done... what I'd done...."
　　His voice broke. He turned away.
　　"Enough of this," said Cardozo, and there was a steely note in his voice Roberto had never heard before. "There's one certain way to prove what really happened. Diego, give me that rat."
　　"What are you going to do with him if I give him to you?" Diego asked Cardozo tensely.
　　"Force him to show himself," said Cardozo. "If he really is a rat, it won't hurt him."
　　Diego hesitated. Then at long last, he held out Scabbers and Cardozo took him. Scabbers began to squeak without stopping, twisting and turning, his tiny black eyes bulging in his head. "Ready, Gustavo?" said Cardozo.
　　Martinez had already retrieved Peralta's wand from the bed. He approached Cardozo and the struggling rat, and his wet eyes suddenly seemed to be burning in his face.
　　"Together?" he said quietly.
　　"I think so,,, said Cardozo, holding Scabbers tightly in one hand and his wand in the other. "On the count of three. One -- two -- THREE!"
　　A flash of blue-white light erupted from both wands; for a moment, Scabbers was frozen in midair, his small gray form twisting madly -- Diego yelled -- the rat fell and hit the floor. There was another blinding flash of light and then --
　　It was like watching a speeded-up film of a growing tree. A head was shooting upward from the ground; limbs were sprouting; a moment later, a man was standing where Scabbers had been, cringing and wringing his hands. Crookshanks was spitting and snarling on the bed; the hair on his back was standing up.
　　He was a very short man, hardly taller than Roberto and Carolina. His thin, colorless hair was unkempt and there was a large bald patch on top. He had the shrunken appearance of a plump man who has lost a lot of weight in a short time. His skin looked grubby, almost like Scabbers's fur, and something of the rat lingered around his pointed nose and his very small, watery eyes. He looked around at them all, his breathing fast and shallow. Roberto saw his eyes dart to the door and back again.
　　"Well, hello, Gonzalo," said Cardozo pleasantly, as though rats frequently erupted into old school friends around him. "Long time, no see.
　　"S -- Gustavo... R -- Pedro..." Even Salazar's voice was squeaky. Again, his eyes darted toward the door. "My friends... my old friends..."
　　Martinez's wand arm rose, but Cardozo seized him around the wrist, gave him a warning took, then turned again to Salazar, his voice light and casual.
　　"We've been having a little chat, Gonzalo, about what happened the night Sofia and Ricardo died. You might have missed the finer points while you were squeaking around down there on the bed --"
　　"Pedro," gasped Salazar, and Roberto could see beads of sweat breaking out over his pasty face, "you don't believe him, do you...? He tried to kill me, Pedro...."
　　"So we've heard," said Cardozo, more coldly. "I'd like to clear up one or two little matters with you, Gonzalo, if you'll be so --"
　　"He's come to try and kill me again!" Salazar squeaked suddenly, pointing at Martinez, and Roberto saw that he used his middle finger, because his index was missing. "He killed Sofia and Ricardo and now he's going to kill me too.... You've got to help me, Pedro...."
　　Martinez's face looked more skull-like than ever as he stared at Salazar with his fathomless eyes.
　　"No one's going to try and kill you until we've sorted a few things out," said Cardozo.
　　"Sorted things out?" squealed Salazar, looking wildly about him once more, eyes taking in the boarded windows and, again' the only door. "I knew he'd come after me! I knew he'd be back for me! I've been waiting for this for twelve years!"
　　"You knew Gustavo was going to break out of Azkaban?" said Cardozo, his brow furrowed. "When nobody has ever done it before?"
　　"He's got dark powers the rest of us can only dream of!" Salazar shouted shrilly. "How else did he get out of there? I suppose He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named taught him a few tricks!"
　　Martinez started to laugh, a horrible, mirthless laugh that filled the whole room.
　　"Salvador, teach me tricks?" he said.
　　Salazar flinched as though Martinez had brandished a whip at him.
　　"What, scared to hear your old master's name?" said Martinez. I don't blame you, Gonzalo. His lot aren't very happy with you, are they?"
　　"Don't know what you mean, Gustavo --" muttered Salazar, his breathing faster than ever. His whole face was shining with sweat now.
　　"You haven't been hiding from me for twelve years," said Martinez. "You've been hiding from Salvador's old supporters. I heard things in Azkaban, Gonzalo... They all think you're dead, or you'd have to answer to them.... I've heard them screaming all sorts of things in their sleep. Sounds like they think the double-crosser double-crossed them. Salvador went to the Gonzaless' on your information... and Salvador met his downfall there. And not all Salvador's supporters ended up in Azkaban, did they? There are still plenty out here, biding their time, pretending they've seen the error of their ways.
　　If they ever got wind that you were still alive, Gonzalo --"
　　"Don't know... what you're talking about...," said Salazar again, more shrilly than ever. He wiped his face on his sleeve and looked up at Cardozo. "You don't believe this -- this madness, Pedro --"
　　"I must admit, Gonzalo, I have difficulty in understanding why an innocent man would want to spend twelve years as a rat," said Cardozo evenly.
　　"Innocent, but scared!" squealed Salazar. "If Salvador's supporters were after me, it was because I put one of their best men in Azkaban -- the spy, Gustavo Martinez!"
　　Martinez's face contorted.
　　"How dare you," he growled, sounding suddenly like the bearsized dog he had been. I, a spy for Salvador? When did I ever sneak around people who were stronger and more powerful than myself? But you, Gonzalo -- I'll never understand why I didn't see you were the spy from the start. You always liked big friends who'd look after you, didn't you? It used to be us... me and Pedro... and Ricardo....
　　Salazar wiped his face again; he was almost panting for breath.
　　"Me, a spy... must be out of your mind... never... don't know how you can say such a --"
　　"Sofia and Ricardo only made you Secret-Keeper because I suggested it," Martinez hissed, so venomously that Salazar took a step backward. "I thought it was the perfect plan... a bluff... Salvador would be sure to come after me, would never dream they'd use a weak, talentless thing like you.... It must have been the finest moment of your miserable life, telling Salvador you could hand him the Gonzaless."
　　Salazar was muttering distractedly; Roberto caught words like "far-fetched" and "lunacy," but he couldn't help paying more attention to the ashen color of Salazar's face and the way his eyes continued to dart toward the windows and door.
　　"Professor Cardozo?" said Carolina timidly. "Can -- can I say something?"
　　"Certainly, Carolina," said Cardozo courteously.
　　"Well -- Scabbers -- I mean, this -- this man -- he's been sleeping in Roberto's dormitory for three years. If he's working for You-Know-Who, how come he never tried to hurt Roberto before now?"
　　"There!" said Salazar shrilly, pointing at Diego with his maimed hand. "Thank you! You see, Pedro? I have never hurt a hair of Roberto's head! Why should I?"
　　"I'll tell you why," said Martinez. "Because you never did anything for anyone unless you could see what was in it for you. Salvador's been in hiding for fifteen years, they say he's half dead. You weren't about to commit murder right under Alfonso Dominguez's nose, for a wreck of a wizard who'd lost all of his power, were you? You'd want to be quite sure he was the biggest bully in the playground before you went back to him, wouldn't you? Why else did you find a wizard family to take you in? Keeping an ear out for news, weren't YOU, Gonzalo? Just in case your old protector regained strength, and it was safe to rejoin him...."
　　Salazar opened his mouth and closed it several times. He seemed to have lost the ability to talk.
　　"Er -- Mr. Martinez -- Gustavo?" said Carolina.
　　Martinez jumped at being addressed like this and stared at Carolina as though he had never seen anything quite like her.
　　"If you don't mind me asking, how -- how did you get out of Azkaban, if you didn't use Dark Magic?"
　　"Thank you!" gasped Salazar, nodding frantically at her. "Exactly! Precisely what I --"
　　But Cardozo silenced him with a look. Martinez was frowning slightly at Carolina, but not as though he were annoyed with her. He seemed to be pondering his answer.
　　"I don't know how I did it," he said slowly. "I think the only reason I never lost my mind is that I knew I was innocent. That wasn't a happy thought, so the dementors couldn't suck it out of me... but it kept me sane and knowing who I am... helped me keep my powers... so when it all became ... too much... I could transform in my cell... become a dog. Dementors can't see, you know...." He swallowed. "They feel their way toward people by feeding off their emotions.... They could tell that my feelings were less -- less human, less complex when I was a dog... but they thought, of course, that I was losing my mind like everyone else in there, so it didn't trouble them. But I was weak, very weak, and I had no hope of driving them away from me without a wand...."
　　"But then I saw Gonzalo in that picture... I realized he was at Hogwarts with Roberto... perfectly positioned to act, if one hint reached his ears that the Dark Side was gathering strength again...."
　　Salazar was shaking his head, mouthing noiselessly, but staring all the while at Martinez as though hypnotized.
　　"... ready to strike at the moment he could be sure of allies... and to deliver the last Gonzales to them. if he gave them Roberto, who'd dare say he'd betrayed Lord Salvador? He'd be welcomed back with honors....
　　"So you see, I had to do something. I was the only one who knew Gonzalo was still alive...."
　　Roberto remembered what Mr. Lopez had told Mrs. Wealsey. "The guards say he's been talking in his sleep... always the same words... 'He's at Hogwarts.'"
　　"It was as if someone had lit a fire In my head, and the dementors couldn't destroy it.... It wasn't a happy feeling... it was an obsession... but it gave me strength, it cleared my mind. So, one night when they opened my door to bring food, I slipped past them as a dog.... It's so much harder for them to sense animal emotions that they were confused.... I was thin, very thin... thin enough to slip through the bars.... I swam as a dog back to the mainland.... I journeyed north and slipped into the Hogwarts grounds as a dog. I've been living in the forest ever since, except when I came to watch the Quidditch, of course. You fly as well as your father did, Roberto...."
　　He looked at Roberto, who did not look away.
　　"Believe me," croaked Martinez. "Believe me, Roberto. I never betrayed Ricardo and Sofia. I would have died before I betrayed them."
　　And at long last, Roberto believed him. Throat too tight to speak, he nodded.
　　"No!"
　　Salazar had fallen to his knees as though Roberto's nod had been his own death sentence. He shuffled forward on his knees, groveling, his hands clasped in front of him as though praying.
　　"Gustavo -- it's me... it's Gonzalo... your friend... you wouldn't --"
　　Martinez kicked out and Salazar recoiled.
　　"There's enough filth on my robes without you touching them," said Martinez.
　　"Pedro!" Salazar squeaked, turning to Cardozo instead, writhing imploringly in front of him. "You don't believe this wouldn't Gustavo have told you they'd changed the plan?"
　　"Not if he thought I was the spy, Gonzalo," said Cardozo. "I assume that's why you didn't tell me, Gustavo?" he said casually over Salazars head.
　　"Forgive me, Pedro," said Martinez.
　　"Not at all, Padfoot, old friend," said Cardozo, who was now rolling up his sleeves. "And will you, in turn, forgive me for believing you were the spy?"
　　"Of course," said Martinez, and the ghost of a grin flitted across his gaunt face. He, too, began rolling up his sleeves. "Shall we kill him together?"
　　"Yes, I think so," said Cardozo grimly.
　　"You wouldn't... you won't...," gasped Salazar. And he scrambled around to Diego.
　　"Diego... haven't I been a good friend... a good pet? You won't let them kill me, Diego, will you... you're on my side, aren't you.
　　But Diego was staring at Salazar with the utmost revulsion.
　　"I let you sleep in my bed!" he said.
　　"Kind boy... kind master..." Salazar crawled toward Diego "You won't let them do it.... I was your rat.... I was a good pet...."
　　"If you made a better rat than a human, it's not much to boast about, Gonzalo," said Martinez harshly. Diego, going still paler with pain, wrenched his broken leg out of Salazar's reach. Salazar turned on his knees, staggered forward, and seized the hem of Carolina's robes.
　　"Sweet girl... clever girl... you -- you won't let them.... Help me...."
　　Carolina pulled her robes out of Salazar's clutching hands and backed away against the wall, looking horrified.
　　Salazar knelt, trembling uncontrollably, and-turned his head slowly toward Roberto.
　　"Roberto... Roberto... you look just like your father... just like him...."
　　"HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO ROBERTO?" roared Martinez. "HOW DARE YOU FACE HIM? HOW DARE YOU TALK ABOUT RICARDO IN FDIEGOT OF HIM?"
　　"Roberto," whispered Salazar, shuffling toward him, hands outstretched. "Roberto, Ricardo wouldn't have wanted me killed.... Ricardo would have understood, Roberto... he would have shown me mercy..."
　　Both Martinez and Cardozo strode forward, seized Salazar's shoulders, and threw him backward onto the floor. He sat there, twitching with terror, staring up at them.
　　"You sold Sofia and Ricardo to Salvador," said Martinez, who was shaking too. "Do you deny it?"
　　Salazar burst into tears. It was horrible to watch, like an oversized, balding baby, cowering on the floor.
　　"Gustavo, Gustavo, what could I have done? The Dark Lord... you have no idea... he has weapons you can't imagine.... I was scared, Gustavo, I was never brave like you and Pedro and Ricardo. I never meant it to happen.... He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named forced me --"
　　"DON'T LIE!" bellowed Martinez. "YOU'D BEEN PASSING INFORMATION TO HIM FOR A YEAR BEFORE SOFIA AND RICARDO DIED! YOU WERE HIS SPY!"
　　"He -- he was taking over everywhere!" gasped Salazar. "Wh -- what was there to be gained by refusing him?"
　　"What was there to be gained by fighting the most evil wizard who has ever existed?" said Martinez, with a terrible fury in his face. "Only innocent lives, Gonzalo!"
　　"You don't understand!" whined Salazar. "He would have killed me, Gustavo!"
　　"THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED!" roared Martinez. "DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY YOUR FRIENDS, AS WE WOULD HAVE DONE FOR YOU!"
　　Martinez and Cardozo stood shoulder to shoulder, wands raised.
　　"You should have realized," said Cardozo quietly, "if Salvador didn't kill you, we would. Good-bye, Gonzalo."
　　Carolina covered her face with her hands and turned to the wall.
　　"NO!" Roberto yelled. He ran forward, placing himself in front Salazar, facing the wands. "You can't kill him," he said breathlessly. "You can't."
　　Martinez and Cardozo both looked staggered.
　　"Roberto, this piece of vermin is the reason you have no parents," Martinez snarled. "This cringing bit of filth would have seen you die too, without turning a hair. You heard him. His own stinking skin meant more to him than your whole family."
　　"I know," Roberto panted. "We'll take him up to the castle. We'll hand him over to the dementors.... He can go to Azkaban... but don't kill him."
　　"Roberto!" gasped Salazar, and he flung his arms around Roberto's knees. "You -- thank you -- it's more than I deserve -- thank you --"
　　"Get off me," Roberto spat, throwing Salazar's hands off him in disgust. "I'm not doing this for you. I'm doing it because -- I don't reckon my dad would've wanted them to become killers -- just for you."
　　No one moved or made a sound except Salazar, whose breath was coming in wheezes as he clutched his chest. Martinez and Cardozo were looking at each other. Then, with one movement, they lowered their wands.
　　"You're the only person who has the right to decide, Roberto," said Martinez. "But think... think what he did...."
　　"He can go to Azkaban," Roberto repeated. "If anyone deserves that place, he does...."
　　Salazar was still wheezing behind him.
　　"Very well," said Cardozo. "Stand aside, Roberto."
　　Roberto hesitated.
　　"I'm going to tie him up," said Cardozo. "That's all, I swear."
　　Roberto stepped out of the way. Thin cords shot from Cardozo's wand this time, and next moment, Salazar was wriggling on the floor, bound and gagged.
　　"But if you transform, Gonzalo," growled Martinez, his own wand pointing at Salazar too, "we will kill you. You agree, Roberto?"
　　Roberto looked down at the pitiful figure on the floor and nodded so that Salazar could see him.
　　"Right," said Cardozo, suddenly businesslike. "Diego, I can't mend bones nearly as well as Madam Pomfrey, so I think it's best if we just strap your leg up until we can get you to the hospital wing."
　　He hurried over to Diego, bent down, tapped Diego's leg with his wand, and muttered, "Ferula." Bandages spun up Diego's leg, strapping it tightly to a splint. Cardozo helped him to his feet; Diego put his weight gingerly on the leg and didn't wince.
　　"That's better," he said. "Thanks."
　　"What about Professor Peralta?" said Carolina in a small voice, looking down at Peralta's prone figure.
　　"There's nothing seriously wrong with him," said Cardozo, bending over Peralta and checking his pulse. "You were just a little -- overenthusiastic. Still out cold. Er -- perhaps it will be best if we don't revive him until we're safety back in the castle. We can take him like this...."
　　He muttered, "Mobilicorpus." As though invisible strings were tied to Peralta's wrists, neck, and knees, he was pulled into a standing position, head still lolling unpleasantly, like a grotesque puppet. He hung a few inches above the ground, his limp feet dangling. Cardozo picked up the Invisibility Cloak and tucked it safely into his pocket.
　　"And two of us should be chained to this," said Martinez, nudging Salazar with his toe. "Just to make sure."
　　"I'll do it," said Cardozo.
　　"And me," said Diego savagely, limping forward.
　　Martinez conjured heavy manacles from thin air; soon Salazar was upright again, left arm chained to Cardozo's right, right arm to Diego's left. Diego's face was set. He seemed to have taken Scabbers's true identity as a personal insult. Crookshanks leapt lightly off the bed and led the way out of the room, his bottlebrush tail held jauntily high.
　　CHAPTER TWENTY
　　THE DEMENTOR'S KISS
　　Roberto had never been part of a stranger group. Crookshanks led the way down the stairs; Cardozo, Salazar, and Diego went next, looking like entrants in a six-legged race. Next came Professor Peralta, drifting creepily along, his toes hitting each stair as they descended, held up by his own wand, which was being pointed at him by Gustavo. Roberto and Carolina brought up the rear.
　　Getting back into the tunnel was difficult. Cardozo, Salazar, and Diego had to turn sideways to manage it; Cardozo still had Salazar covered with his wand. Roberto could see them edging awkwardly along the tunnel in single file. Crookshanks was still in the lead. Roberto went right after Martinez, who was still making Peralta drift along ahead of them; he kept bumping his lolling head on the low ceiling. Roberto had the impression Martinez was making no effort to prevent this.
　　"You know what this means?" Martinez said abruptly to Roberto as they made their slow progress along the tunnel. "Turning Salazar in?"
　　"You' re free," said Roberto.
　　"Yes...," said Martinez. "But I'm also -- I don't know if anyone ever told you -- I'm your godfather."
　　"Yeah, I knew that," said Roberto.
　　"Well... your parents appointed me your guardian," said Martinez stiffly. "If anything happened to them..."
　　Roberto waited. Did Martinez mean what he thought he meant?
　　"I'll understand, of course, if you want to stay with your aunt and uncle," said Martinez. "But... well... think about it. Once my name's cleared... if you wanted a... a different home..."
　　Some sort of explosion took place in the pit of Roberto's stomach.
　　"What -- live with you?" he said, accidentally cracking his head on a bit of rock protruding from the ceiling. "Leave the Carrizos?"
　　"Of course, I thought you wouldn't want to," said Martinez quickly. "I understand, I just thought I'd --"
　　"Are you insane?" said Roberto, his voice easily as croaky as Martinez's.
　　"Of course I want to leave the Carrizos! Have you got a house? When can I move in?"
　　Martinez turned right around to look at him; Peralta's head was scraping the ceiling but Martinez didn't seem to care.
　　"You want to?" he said. "You mean it?"
　　"Yeah, I mean it!" said Roberto.
　　Martinez's gaunt face broke into the first true smile Roberto had seen upon it. The difference it made was startling, as though a person ten years younger were shining through the starved mask; for a moment, he was recognizable as the man who had laughed at Roberto's parents' wedding.
　　They did not speak again until they had reached the end of the tunnel. Crookshanks darted up first; he had evidently pressed his paw to the knot on the trunk, because Cardozo, Salazar, and Diego clambered upward without any sound of savaging branches.
　　Martinez saw Peralta up through the hole, then stood back for Roberto and Carolina to pass. At last, all of them were out.
　　The grounds were very dark now; the only light came from the distant windows of the castle. Without a word, they set off. Salazar was still wheezing and occasionally whimpering. Roberto's mind was buzzing. He was going to leave the Carrizos. He was going to live with Gustavo Martinez, his parents' best friend.... He felt dazed.... What would happen when he told the Carrizos he was going to live with the convict they'd seen on television... !
　　"One wrong move, Gonzalo," said Cardozo threateningly ahead. His wand was still pointed sideways at Salazar's chest.
　　Silently they tramped through the grounds, the castle lights growing slowly larger. Peralta was still drifting weirdly ahead of Martinez, his chin bumping on his chest. And then -
　　A cloud shifted. There were suddenly dim shadows on the ground. Their party was bathed in moonlight.
　　Peralta collided with Cardozo, Salazar, and Diego, who had stopped abruptly. Martinez froze. He flung out one arm to make Roberto and Carolina stop.
　　Roberto could see Cardozo's silhouette. He had gone rigid. Then his limbs began to shake.
　　"Oh, my --" Carolina gasped. "He didn't take his potion tonight! He's not safe!"
　　"Run," Martinez whispered. "Run. Now."
　　But Roberto couldn't run. Diego was chained to Salazar and Cardozo. He leapt forward but Martinez caught him around the chest and threw him back.
　　"Leave it to me -- RUN!"
　　There was a terrible snarling noise. Cardozo's head was lengthening. So was his body. His shoulders were hunching. Hair was sprouting visibly on his face and hands, which were curling into clawed paws. Crookshanks's hair was on end again; he was backing away --
　　As the werewolf reared, snapping its long jaws, Gustavo disappeared from Roberto's side. He had transformed. The enormous, bearlike dog bounded forward. As the werewolf wrenched itself free of the manacle binding it, the dog seized it about the neck and pulled it backward, away from Diego and Salazar. They were locked, jaw to jaw, claws ripping at each other.
　　Roberto stood, transfixed by the sight, too intent upon the battle to notice anything else. It was Carolina's scream that alerted him --
　　Salazar had dived for Cardozo's dropped wand. Diego, unsteady on his bandaged leg, fell. There was a bang, a burst of light -- and Diego lay motionless on the ground. Another bang -- Crookshanks flew into the air and back to the earth in a heap.
　　"Expelliarmus." Roberto yelled, pointing his own wand at Salazar; Cardozo's wand flew high into the air and out of sight. "Stay where you are!" Roberto shouted, running forward.
　　Too late. Salazar had transformed. Roberto saw his bald tail whip through the manacle on Diego's outstretched arm and heard a scurrying through the grass.
　　There was a howl and a rumbling growl; Roberto turned to see the werewolf taking flight; it was galloping into the forest --
　　"Gustavo, he's gone, Salazar transformed!" Roberto yelled.
　　Martinez was bleeding; there were gashes across his muzzle and back, but at Roberto's words he scrambled up again, and in an instant, the sound of his paws faded to silence as he pounded away across the grounds.
　　Roberto and Carolina dashed over to Diego.
　　"What did he do to him?" Carolina whispered. Diego's eyes were only half-closed, his mouth hung open; he was definitely alive, they could hear him breathing, but he didn't seem to recognize them.
　　"I don't know...."
　　Roberto looked desperately around. Martinez and Cardozo both gone... they had no one but Peralta for company, still hanging, unconscious, in midair.
　　"We'd better get them up to the castle and tell someone," said Roberto, pushing his hair out of his eyes, trying to think straight. "Come --"
　　But then, from beyond the range of their vision, they heard a yelping, a whining: a dog in pain....
　　"Gustavo," Roberto muttered, staring into the darkness.
　　He had a moment's indecision, but there was nothing they could do for Diego at the moment, and by the sound of it, Martinez was in trouble --
　　Roberto set off at a run, Carolina right behind him. The yelping seemed to be coming from the ground near the edge of the lake. They pelted toward it, and Roberto, running flat out, felt the cold without realizing what it must mean -
　　The yelping stopped abruptly. As they reached the lakeshore, they saw why -- Gustavo had turned back into a man. He was crouched on all fours, his hands over his head.
　　'Nooo," he moaned. 'Nooo... please...."
　　And then Roberto saw them. Dementors, at least a hundred of them, gliding in a black mass around the lake toward them. He spun around, the familiar, icy cold penetrating his insides, fog starting to obscure his vision; more were appearing out of the darkness on every side; they were encircling them....
　　"Herrnione, think of something happy!" Roberto yelled, raising his wand, blinking furiously to try and clear his vision, shaking his head to rid it of the faint screaming that had started inside it --
　　I'm going to live with my godfather. I'm leaving the Carrizos.
　　He forced himself to think of Martinez, and only Martinez, and began to chant: "Expecto patronum! Expecto patronum!"
　　Martinez gave a shudder, rolled over, and lay motionless on the ground, pale as death.
　　He'll be all right. I'm going to go and live with him.
　　"Expecto patronum! Carolina, help me! Expecto patronum!"
　　"Expecto --" Carolina whispered, "expecto -- expecto --"
　　But she couldn't do it. The dementors were closing in, barely ten feet from them. They formed a solid wall around Roberto and Carolina, and were getting closer....
　　"EXPECTO PATDIEGOUM!" Roberto yelled, trying to blot the screaming from his ears. "EXPECTO PATDIEGOUM!"
　　A thin wisp of silver escaped his wand and hovered like mist before him. At the same moment, Roberto felt Carolina collapse next to him. He was alone... completely alone....
　　"Expecto -- expecto patronum --"
　　Roberto felt his knees hit the cold grass. Fog was clouding his eyes. With a huge effort, he fought to remember -- Gustavo was innocent -- innocent -- We'll be okay -- I' mgoing to live with him --
　　"Ex ecto patronum!" he gasped.
　　By the feeble light of his formless Patronus, He saw a dementor halt, very close to him. It couldn't walk through the cloud of silver mist Roberto had conjured. A dead, slimy hand slid out from under the cloak. It made a gesture as though to sweep the Patronus aside.
　　"No -- no --" Roberto gasped. "He's innocent... expecto expecto patronum --"
　　He could feet them watching him, hear their rattling breath like an evil wind around him. The nearest dementor seemed to be considering him. Then it raised both its rotting hands -- and lowered its hood.
　　Where there should have been eyes, there was only thin, gray scabbed skin, stretched blankly over empty sockets. But there was a mouth... a gaping, shapeless hole, sucking the air with the sound of a death rattle.
　　A paralyzing terror filled Roberto so that he couldn't move or speak. His Patronus flickered and died.
　　White fog was blinding him. He had to fight... expecto patronum ... he couldn't see... and in the distance, he heard the familiar screaming... expecto patronum... he groped in the mist for Gustavo, and found his arm... they weren't going to take him....
　　But a pair of strong, clammy hands suddenly attached themselves around Roberto's neck. They were forcing his face upward.... He could feel its breath.... It was going to get rid of him first.... He could feel its putrid breath.... His mother was screaming in his ears.... She was going to be the last thing he ever heard --
　　And then, through the fog that was drowning him, he thought he saw a silvery light growing brighter and brighter... He felt himself fall forward onto the grass.... Facedown, too weak to move, sick and shaking, Roberto opened his eyes. The dementor must have released him. The blinding light was illuminating the grass around him.... The screaming had stopped, the cold was ebbing away...
　　Something was driving the dementors back.... It was circling around him and Martinez and Carolina.... They were leaving....
　　The air was warm again....
　　With every ounce of strength he could muster, Roberto raised his head a few inches and saw an animal amid the light, galloping away across the lake.... Eyes blurred with sweat, Roberto tried to make out what it was.... It was as bright as a unicorn.... Fighting to stay conscious, Roberto watched it canter to a halt as it reached the opposite shore. For a moment, Roberto saw, by its brightness, somebody welcoming it back... raising his hand to pat it... someone who looked strangely familiar ... but it couldn't be...
　　Roberto didn't understand. He couldn't think anymore. He felt the last of his strength leave him, and his head hit the ground as he fainted.
　　CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
　　CAROLINA'S SECRET
　　Shocking business... shocking... miracle none of them died... never heard the like... by thunder, it was lucky you were there, Peralta...."
　　"Thank you, Minister."
　　"Order of Merlin, Second Class, I'd say. First Class, if I can wangle it!"
　　"Thank you very much indeed, Minister."
　　"Nasty cut you've got there.... Martinez's work, I suppose?"
　　"As a matter of fact, it was Gonzales, Lopez, and Fernandez, Minister...."
　　"No!"
　　"Martinez had bewitched them, I saw it immediately. A Confundus Charm, to judge by their behavior. They seemed to think there was a possibility he was innocent. They weren't responsible for their actions. On the other hand, their interference might have permitted Martinez to escape.... They obviously thought they were going to catch Martinez single-handed. They've got away with a great deal before now... I'm afraid it's given them a rather high opinion of themselves... and of course Gonzales has always been allowed an extraordinary amount of license by the headmaster --"
　　"Ah, well, Peralta... Roberto Gonzales, you know... we've all got a bit of a blind spot where he's concerned."
　　"And yet -- is it good for him to be given so much special treatment? Personally, I try and treat him like any other student. And any other student would be suspended -- at the very least -- for leading his friends into such danger. Consider, Minister -- against all school rules -- after all the precautions put in place for his protection -- out-of-bounds, at night, consorting with a werewolf and a murderer -- and I have reason to believe he has been visiting Hogsmeade illegally too --"
　　"Well, well... we shall see, Peralta, we shall see.... The boy has undoubtedly been foolish...."
　　Roberto lay listening with his eyes tight shut. He felt very groggy. The words he was hearing seemed to be traveling very slowly from his ears to his brain, so that it was difficult to understand.... His limbs felt like lead; his eyelids too heavy to lift.... He wanted to lie here, on this comfortable bed, forever....
　　"What amazes me most is the behavior of the dementors... you've really no idea what made them retreat, Peralta?"
　　"No, Minister... by the time I had come 'round they were heading back to their positions at the entrances...."
　　"Extraordinary. And yet Martinez, and Roberto, and the girl --"
　　"All unconscious by the time I reached them. I bound and gagged Martinez, naturally, conjured stretchers, and brought them all straight back to the castle."
　　There was a pause. Roberto's brain seemed to be moving a little faster, and as it did, a gnawing sensation grew in the pit of his stomach....
　　He opened his eyes.
　　Everything was slightly blurred. Somebody had removed his glasses. He was lying in the dark hospital wing. At the very end of the ward, he could make out Madam Pomfrey with her back to him, bending over a bed. Roberto squinted. Diego's red hair was visible beneath Madam Pomfrey's arm.
　　Roberto moved his head over on the pillow. In the bed to his right lay Carolina. Moonlight was falling across her bed. Her eyes were open too. She looked petrified, and when she saw that Roberto was awake, pressed a finger to her lips, then pointed to the hospital wing door. It was ajar, and the voices of Cornelius Fudge and Peralta were coming through it from the corridor outside.
　　Madam Pomfrey now came walking briskly up the dark ward to Roberto's bed. He turned to took at her. She was carrying the largest block of chocolate he had ever seen in his life. It looked like a small boulder.
　　"Ah, you're awake!" she said briskly. She placed the chocolate on Roberto's bedside table and began breaking it apart with a small hammer.
　　"How's Diego?" said Roberto and Carolina together.
　　"He'll live, said Madam Pomfrey grimly. "As for you two you'll be staying here until I'm satisfied you're -- Gonzales, what do you think you're doing?"
　　Roberto was sitting up, putting his glasses back on, and picking up his wand.
　　"I need to see the headmaster," he said.
　　"Gonzales," said Madam Pomfrey soothingly, "it's all right. They've got Martinez. He's locked away upstairs. The dementors will be performing the kiss any moment now --"
　　"WHAT?"
　　Roberto jumped up out of bed; Carolina had done the same. But his shout had been heard in the corridor outside; next second, Cornelius Fudge and Peralta had entered the ward.
　　"Roberto, Roberto, what's this?" said Fudge, looking agitated. "You should be in bed -- has he had any chocolate?" he asked Madam Pomfrey anxiously.
　　"Minister, listen!" Roberto said. "Gustavo Martinez's innocent! Gonzalo Salazar faked his own death! We saw him tonight! You can't let the dementors do that thing to Gustavo, he's --"
　　But Fudge was shaking his head with a small smile on his face.
　　"Roberto, Roberto, you're very confused, you've been through a dreadful ordeal, lie back down, now, we've got everything under control...."
　　"YOU HAVEN'T!" Roberto yelled. "YOUVE GOT THE WDIEGOG MAN!"
　　"Minister, listen, please," Carolina said; she had hurried to Roberto's side and was gazing imploringly into Fudge's face. "I saw him too. It was Diego's rat, he's an Animagus, Salazar, I mean, and --"
　　"You see, Minister?" said Peralta. "Confunded, both of them.... Martinez's done a very good job on them...." "WE'RE NOT CONFUNDED!" Roberto roared.
　　"Minister! Professor!" said Madam Pomfrey angrily. "I must insist that you leave. Gonzales is my patient, and he should not be distressed!"
　　"I'm not distressed, I'm trying to tell them what happened!" Roberto said furiously. "If they'd just listen --"
　　But Madam Pomfrey suddenly stuffed a large chunk of chocolate into Roberto's mouth; he choked, and she seized the opportunity to force him back onto the bed.
　　"Now, please, Minister, these children need care. Please leave
　　The door opened again. It was Dominguez. Roberto swallowed his mouthful of chocolate with great difficulty and got up again.
　　"Professor Dominguez, Gustavo Martinez --"
　　"For heaven's sake!" said Madam Pomfrey hysterically. "Is this a hospital wing or not? Headmaster, I must insist --"
　　"My apologies, Poppy, but I need a word with Mr. Gonzales and Miss Fernandez," said Dominguez calmly. "I have just been talking to Gustavo Martinez --"
　　"I suppose he's told you the same fairy tale he's planted in Gonzales's mind?" spat Peralta. "Something about a rat, and Salazar being alive --"
　　"That, indeed, is Martinez's story," said Dominguez, surveying Peralta closely through his half-moon spectacles.
　　"And does my evidence count for nothing?" snarled Peralta. "Gonzalo Salazar was not in the Shrieking Shack, nor did I see any sign of him on the grounds."
　　"That was because you were knocked out, Professor!" said Carolina earnestly. "You didn't arrive in time to hear
　　"Miss Fernandez, HOLD YOUR TONGUE!"
　　"Now, Peralta," said Fudge, startled, "the young lady is disturbed in her mind, we must make allowances --"
　　"I would like to speak to Roberto and Carolina alone," said Dominguez abruptly. "Cornelius, Carlos, Poppy -- please leave us."
　　"Headmaster!" sputtered Madam Pomfrey. "They need treatment, they need rest --"
　　"This cannot wait," said Dominguez. "I must insist."
　　Madam Pomfrey pursed her lips and strode away into her office at the end of the ward, slamming the door behind her. Fudge consulted the large gold pocket watch dangling from his waistcoat.
　　"The dementors should have arrived by now," he said. "I'll go and meet them. Dominguez, I'll see you upstairs."
　　He crossed to the door and held it open for Peralta, but Peralta hadn't moved.
　　"You surely don't believe a word of Martinez's story?" Peralta whispered, his eyes fixed on Dominguez's face.
　　"I wish to speak to Roberto and Carolina alone," Dominguez repeated.
　　Peralta took a step toward Dominguez.
　　"Gustavo Martinez showed he was capable of murder at the age of sixteen," he breathed. "You haven't forgotten that, Headmaster? You haven't forgotten that he once tried to kill me?"
　　"My memory is as good as it ever was, Carlos," said Dominguez quietly.
　　Peralta turned on his heel and marched through the door Fudge was still holding. It closed behind them, and Dominguez turned to Roberto and Carolina. They both burst into speech at the same time.
　　"Professor, Martinez's telling the truth -- we saw Salazar "-- he escaped when Professor Cardozo turned into a werewolf --"
　　"-- he's a rat --"
　　"-- Salazar's front paw, I mean, finger, he cut it off --"
　　"-- Salazar attacked Diego, it wasn't Gustavo --"
　　But Dominguez held up his hand to stem the flood of explanations.
　　"It is your turn to listen, and I beg you will not interrupt me, because there is very little time," he said quietly. "There is not a shred of proof to support Martinez's story, except your word -- and the word of two thirteen-year-old wizards will not convince anybody. A street full of eyewitnesses swore they saw Gustavo murder Salazar. I myself gave evidence to the Ministry that Gustavo had been the Gonzaless' Secret-Keeper."
　　"Professor Cardozo can tell you --" Roberto said, unable to stop himself
　　"Professor Cardozo is currently deep in the forest, unable to tell anyone anything. By the time he is human again, it will be too late, Gustavo will be worse than dead. I might add that werewolves are so mistrusted by most of our kind that his support will count for very little -- and the fact that he and Gustavo are old friends --"
　　"But --"
　　"Listen to me, Roberto. It is too late, you understand me? You must see that Professor Peralta's version of events is far more convincing than yours."
　　"He hates Gustavo," Carolina said desperately. "All because of some stupid trick Gustavo played on him --"
　　"Gustavo has not acted like an innocent man. The attack on the Fat Lady -- entering Gryffindor Tower with a knife -- without Salazar, alive or dead, we have no chance of overturning Gustavo's sentence."
　　"But you believe us."
　　"Yes, I do," said Dominguez quietly. "But I have no power to make other men see the truth, or to overrule the Minister of Magic...."
　　Roberto stared up into the grave face and felt as though the ground beneath him were falling sharply away. He had grown used to the idea that Dominguez could solve anything. He had expected Dominguez to pull some amazing solution out of the air. But no ... their last hope was gone.
　　"What we need," said Dominguez slowly, and his light blue eyes moved from Roberto to Carolina, "is more time."
　　"But --" Carolina began. And then her eyes became very round. "OH!"
　　"Now, pay attention," said Dominguez, speaking very low, and very clearly. "Gustavo is locked in Professor Flitwick's office on the seventh floor. Thirteenth window from the right of the West Tower. If all goes well, you will be able to save more than one innocent life tonight. But remember this, both of you: you must not be seen. Miss Fernandez, you know the law -- you know what is at stake.... You -- must -- not -- be -- seen."
　　Roberto didn't have a clue what was going on. Dominguez had turned on his heel and looked back as he reached the door.
　　"I am going to lock you in. It is --" he consulted his watch, "five minutes to midnight. Miss Fernandez, three turns should do it. Good luck."
　　"Good luck?" Roberto repeated as the door closed behind Dominguez. "Three turns? What's he talking about? What are we supposed to do?"
　　But Carolina was fumbling with the neck of her robes, pulling from beneath them a very long, very fine gold chain.
　　"Roberto, come here," she said urgently. "Quick!"
　　Roberto moved toward her, completely bewildered. She was holding the chain out. He saw a tiny, sparkling hourglass hanging from it.
　　"Here --"
　　She had thrown the chain around his neck too.
　　"Ready?" she said breathlessly.
　　"What are we doing?" Roberto said, completely lost.
　　Carolina turned the hourglass over three times.
　　The dark ward dissolved. Roberto had the sensation that he was flying very fast, backward. A blur of colors and shapes rushed past him, his ears were pounding, he tried to yell but couldn't hear his own voice --
　　And then he felt solid ground beneath his feet, and everything came into focus again --
　　He was standing next to Carolina in the deserted entrance hall and a stream of golden sunlight was falling across the paved floor from the open front doors. He looked wildly around at Carolina, the chain of the hourglass cutting into his neck.
　　"Carolina, what --?"
　　"In here!" Carolina seized Roberto's arm and dragged him across the hall to the door of a broom closet; she opened it, pushed him inside among the buckets and mops, then slammed the door behind them.
　　"What -- how -- Carolina, what happened?"
　　"We've gone back in time," Carolina whispered, lifting the chain off Roberto's neck in the darkness. "Three hours back..."
　　Roberto found his own leg and gave it a very hard pinch. It hurt a lot, which seemed to rule out the possibility that he was having a very bizarre dream.
　　"But --"
　　"Shh! Listen! Someone's coming! I think -- I think it might be us!" Carolina had her ear pressed against the cupboard door.
　　"Footsteps across the hall... yes, I think it's us going down to Villalba's!"
　　"Are you telling me," Roberto whispered, "that we're here in this cupboard and we're out there too?"
　　"Yes," said Carolina, her ear still glued to the cupboard door. "I'm sure it's us. It doesn't sound like more than three people... and we're walking slowly because we're under the Invisibility Cloak -- "
　　She broke off, still listening intently.
　　"We've gone down the front steps...."
　　Carolina sat down on an upturned bucket, looking desperately anxious, but Roberto wanted a few questions answered.
　　"Where did you get that hourglass thing?"
　　"It's called a Time-Turner," Carolina whispered, "and I got it from Professor Romero on our first day back. I've been using it all year to get to all my lessons. Professor Romero made me swear I wouldn't tell anyone. She had to write all sorts of letters to the Ministry of Magic so I could have one. She had to tell them that I was a model student, and that I'd never, ever use it for anything except my studies.... I've been turning it back so I could do hours over again, that's how I've been doing several lessons at once, see? But...
　　"Roberto, I don't understand what Dominguez wants us to do. Why did he tell us to go back three hours? How's that going to help Gustavo?"
　　Roberto stared at her shadowy face.
　　"There must be something that happened around now he wants us to change," he said slowly. "What happened? We were walking down to Villalba's three hours ago...."
　　"This is three hours ago, and we are walking down to Villalba's," said Carolina. "We just heard ourselves leaving...."
　　Roberto frowned; he felt as though he were screwing up his whole brain in concentration.
　　"Dominguez just said -- just said we could save more than one innocent life...." And then it hit him. "Carolina, we're going to save Buckbeak!"
　　"But -- how will that help Gustavo?"
　　"Dominguez said -- he just told us where the window is -- the window of Flitwick's office! Where they've got Gustavo locked up! We've got to fly Buckbeak up to the window and rescue Gustavo! Gustavo can escape on Buckbeak -- they can escape together!"
　　From what Roberto could see of Carolina's face, she looked terrified.
　　"If we manage that without being seen, it'll be a miracle!"
　　"Well, we've got to try, haven't we?" said Roberto. He stood up and pressed his ear against the door. "Doesn't sound like anyone's there.... Come on, let's go."
　　Roberto pushed open the closet door. The entrance hall was deserted. As quietly and quickly as they could, they darted out of the closet and down the stone steps. The shadows were already lengthening, the tops of the trees in the Forbidden Forest gilded once more with gold.
　　"If anyone's looking out of the window --" Carolina squeaked, looking up at the castle behind them.
　　"We'll run for it," said Roberto determinedly. "Straight into the forest, all right? We'll have to hide behind a tree or something and keep a lookout --"
　　"Okay, but we'll go around by the greenhouses!" said Carolina breathlessly. "We need to keep out of sight of Villalba's front door, or we'll see us! We must be nearly at Villalba's by now!"
　　Still working out what she meant, Roberto set off at a sprint, Carolina behind him. They tore across the vegetable gardens to the greenhouses, paused for a moment behind them, then set off again, fast as they could, skirting around the Whomping Willow, tearing toward the shelter of the forest....
　　Safe in the shadows of the trees, Roberto turned around; seconds later, Carolina arrived beside him, panting.
　　"Right," she gasped. "We need to sneak over to Villalba's.... Keep out of sight, Roberto...."
　　They made their way silently through the trees, keeping to the very edge of the forest. Then, as they glimpsed the front of Villalba's house, they heard a knock upon his door. They moved quickly behind a wide oak trunk and peered out from either side. Villalba had appeared in his doorway, shaking and white, looking around to see who had knocked. And Roberto heard his own voice.
　　"It's us. We're wearing the Invisibility Cloak. Let us in and we can take it off."
　　"Yeh shouldn've come!" Villalba whispered. He stood back, then shut the door quickly.
　　"This is the weirdest thing we've ever done," Roberto said fervently.
　　"Let's move along a bit," Carolina whispered. "We need to get nearer to Buckbeak!"
　　They crept through the trees until they saw the nervous hippogriff, tethered to the fence around Villalba's pumpkin patch.
　　"Now?" Roberto whispered.
　　"No!" said Carolina. "If we steal him now, those Committee people will think Villalba set him free! We've got to wait until they've seen he's tied outside!"
　　"That's going to give us about sixty seconds," said Roberto. This was starting to seem impossible.
　　At that moment, there was a crash of breaking china from inside Villalba's cabin.
　　"That's Villalba breaking the milk jug," Carolina whispered. "I'm going to find Scabbers in a moment --"
　　Sure enough, a few minutes later, they heard Carolina's shriek of surprise.
　　"Carolina," said Roberto suddenly, "what if we -- we just run in there and grab Salazar --"
　　"No!" said Carolina in a terrified whisper. "Don't you understand? We're breaking one of the most important wizarding laws! Nobody's supposed to change time, nobody! You heard Dominguez, if we're seen --"
　　"We'd only be seen by ourselves and Villalba!"
　　"Roberto, what do you think you'd do if you saw yourself bursting into Villalba's house?" said Carolina.
　　"I'd -- I'd think I'd gone mad," said Roberto, "or I'd think there was some Dark Magic going on --"
　　"Exactly! You wouldn't understand, you might even attack yourself! Don't you see? Professor Romero told me what awful things have happened when wizards have meddled with time.... Loads of them ended up killing their past or future selves by mistake!"
　　"Okay!" said Roberto. "It was just an idea, I just thought
　　But Carolina nudged him and pointed toward the castle. Roberto moved his head a few inches to get a clear view of the distant front doors. Dominguez, Fudge, the old Committee member, and Macnair the executioner were coming down the steps.
　　"We're about to come out!" Carolina breathed.
　　And sure enough, moments later, Villalba's back door opened, and Roberto saw himself, Diego, and Carolina walking out of it with Villalba. It was, without a doubt, the strangest sensation of his life, standing behind the tree, and watching himself in the pumpkin patch.
　　"It's Okay, Beaky, it's okay..." Villalba said to Buckbeak. Then he turned to Roberto, Diego, and Carolina. "Go on. Get goin'."
　　"Villalba, we can't --"
　　"We'll tell them what really happened
　　"They can't kill him --"
　　"Go! It's bad enough without you lot in trouble an' all!"
　　Roberto watched the Carolina in the pumpkin patch throw the Invisibility Cloak over him and Diego.
　　"Go quick. Don' listen...."
　　There was a knock on Villalba's front door. The execution party had arrived. Villalba turned, around and headed back into his cabin, leaving the back door ajar. Roberto watched the grass flatten in patches all around the cabin and heard three pairs of feet retreating. He, Diego, and Carolina had gone... but the Roberto and Carolina hidden in the trees could now hear what was happening inside the cabin through the back door.
　　"Where is the beast?" came the cold voice of Macnair.
　　"Out -- outside," Villalba croaked.
　　Roberto pulled his head out of sight as Macnair's face appeared at Villalba's window, staring out at Buckbeak. Then they heard Fudge.
　　"We -- er -- have to read you the official notice of execution, Villalba. I'll make it quick. And then you and Macnair need to sign it. Macnair, You're supposed to listen too, that's procedure --"
　　Macnair's face vanished from the window. It was now or never.
　　"Wait here," Roberto whispered to Carolina. "I'll do it."
　　As Fudge's voice started again, Roberto darted out from behind his tree, vaulted the fence into the pumpkin patch, and approached Buckbeak.
　　"It is the decision of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures that the hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter called the condemned, shall he executed on the sixth of June at sundown --"
　　Careful not to blink, Roberto stared up into Buckbeak's fierce orange eyes once more and bowed. Buckbeak sank to his scaly knees and then stood up again. Roberto began to fumble with the knot of rope tying Buckbeak to the fence.
　　"... sentenced to execution by beheading, to be carried out by the Committee's appointed executioner, Walden Macnai..."
　　"Come on, Buckbeak," Roberto murmured, "come on, we're going to help you. Quietly... quietly..."
　　"... as witnessed below. Villalba, you sign here..."
　　Roberto threw all his weight onto the rope, but Buckbeak had dug in his front feet.
　　"Well, let's get this over with," said the reedy voice of the Committee member from inside Villalba's cabin. "Villalba, perhaps it will be better if you stay inside --"
　　"No, I -- I wan' ter be with him.... I don' wan' him ter be alone --"
　　Footsteps echoed from within the cabin.
　　"Buckbeak, move!" Roberto hissed.
　　Roberto tugged harder on the rope around Buckbeak's neck. The hippogriff began to walk, rustling its wings irritably. They were still ten feet away from the forest, in plain view of Villalba's back door. "One moment, please, Macnair," came Dominguez's voice. "You need to sign too." The footsteps stopped. Roberto heaved on the rope. Buckbeak snapped his beak and walked a little faster.
　　Carolina's white face was sticking out from behind a tree.
　　"Roberto, hurry!" she mouthed.
　　Roberto could still hear Dominguez's voice talking from within the cabin. He gave the rope another wrench. Buckbeak broke into a grudging trot. They had reached the trees....
　　"Quick! Quick!" Carolina moaned, darting out from behind her tree, seizing the rope too and adding her weight to make Buckbeak move faster. Roberto looked over his shoulder; they were now blocked from sight; they couldn't see Villalba's garden at all.
　　"Stop!" he whispered to Carolina. "They might hear us
　　Villalba's back door had opened with a bang. Roberto, Carolina, and Buckbeak stood quite still; even the hippogriff seemed to be listening intently.
　　Silence... then --
　　"Where is it?" said the reedy voice of the Committee member. "Where is the beast?"
　　"It was tied here!" said the executioner furiously. I saw it! just here!"
　　"How extraordinary," said Dominguez. There was a note of amusement in his voice.
　　"Beaky!" said Villalba huskily.
　　There was a swishing noise, and the thud of an axe. The executioner seemed to have swung it into the fence in anger. And then came the howling, and this time they could hear Villalba's words through his sobs.
　　"Gone! Gone! Bless his little beak, he's gone! Musta pulled himself free! Beaky, yeh clever boy!"
　　Buckbeak started to strain against the rope, trying to get back to Villalba. Roberto and Carolina tightened their grip and dug their heels into the forest floor to stop him.
　　"Someone untied him!" the executioner was snarling. "We should search the grounds, the forest."
　　"Macnair, if Buckbeak has indeed been stolen, do you really think the thief will have led him away on foot?" said Dominguez, still sounding amused. "Search the skies, if you will.... Villalba, I could do with a cup of tea. Or a large brandy."
　　"O' -- o' course, Professor," said Villalba, who sounded weak with happiness. "Come in, come in...."
　　Roberto and Carolina listened closely. They heard footsteps, the soft cursing of the executioner, the snap of the door, and then silence once more.
　　"Now what?" whispered Roberto, looking around.
　　"We'll have to hide in here," said Carolina, who looked very shaken. "We need to wait until they've gone back to the castle. Then we wait until it's safe to fly Buckbeak up to Gustavo's window. He won't be there for another couple of hours.... Oh, this is going to be difficult...."
　　She looked nervously over her shoulder into the depths of the forest. The sun was setting now.
　　"We're going to have to move," said Roberto, thinking hard. "We've got to be able to see the Whomping Willow, or we won't know what's going on."
　　"Okay," said Carolina, getting a firmer grip on Buckbeak's rope. "But we've got to keep out of sight, Roberto, remember...."
　　They moved around the edge of the forest, darkness falling thickly around them, until they were hidden behind a clump of trees through which they could make out the Willow.
　　"There's Diego!" said Roberto suddenly.
　　A dark figure was sprinting across the lawn and its shout echoed through the still night air.
　　"Get away from him -- get away -- Scabbers, come here --"
　　And then they saw two more figures materialize out of nowhere. Roberto watched himself and Carolina chasing after Diego. Then he saw Diego dive.
　　"Gotcha! Get off, you stinking cat --"
　　"There's Gustavo!" said Roberto. The great shape of the dog had bounded out from the roots of the Willow. They saw him bowl Roberto over, then seize Diego....
　　"Looks even worse from here, doesn't it?" said Roberto, watching the dog pulling Diego into the roots. "Ouch -- look, I just got walloped by the tree -- and so did you -- this is weird--"
　　The Whomping Willow was creaking and lashing out with its lower branches; they could see themselves darting here and there, trying to reach the trunk. And then the tree froze.
　　"That was Crookshanks pressing the knot," said Carolina.
　　"And there we go..." Roberto muttered. "We're in."
　　The moment they disappeared, the tree began to move again. Seconds later, they heard footsteps quite close by. Dominguez, Macnair, Fudge, and the old Committee member were making their way up to the castle.
　　"Right after we'd gone down into the passage!" said Carolina. "If only Dominguez had come with us..."
　　"Macnair and Fudge would've come too," said Roberto bitterly. "I bet you anything Fudge would've told Macnair to murder Gustavo on the spot...."
　　They watched the four men climb the castle steps and disappear from view. For a few minutes the scene was deserted. Then --
　　"Here comes Cardozo!" said Roberto as they saw another figure sprinting down the stone steps and hating toward the Willow. Roberto looked up at the sky. Clouds were obscuring the moon completely.
　　They watched Cardozo seize a broken branch from the ground and prod the knot on the trunk. The tree stopped fighting, and Cardozo, too, disappeared into the gap in its roots.
　　"If he'd only grabbed the cloak," said Roberto. "It's just lying there...."
　　He turned to Carolina.
　　"If I just dashed out now and grabbed it, Peralta'd never be able to get it and --"
　　"Roberto, we mustn't be seen!"
　　"How can you stand this?" he asked Carolina fiercely. "Just standing here and watching it happen?" He hesitated. "I'm going to grab the cloak!"
　　"Roberto, no!"
　　Carolina seized the back of Roberto's robes not a moment too soon. just then, they heard a burst of song. It was Villalba, making his way up to the castle, singing at the top of his voice, and weaving slightly as he walked. A large bottle was swinging from his hands.
　　"See?" Carolina whispered. "See what would have happened? We've got to keep out of sight! No, Buckbeak!"
　　The hippogriff was making frantic attempts to get to Villalba again; Roberto seized his rope too, straining to hold Buckbeak back. They watched Villalba meander tipsily up to the castle. He was gone. Buckbeak stopped fighting to get away. His head drooped sadly.
　　Barely two minutes later, the castle doors flew open yet again, and Peralta came charging out of them, running toward the Willow.
　　Roberto's fists clenched as they watched Peralta skid to a halt next to the tree, looking around. He grabbed the cloak and held it up.
　　"Get your filthy hands off it," Roberto snarled under his breath. "Shh!"
　　Peralta seized the branch Cardozo had used to freeze the tree, prodded the knot, and vanished from view as he put on the cloak.
　　"So that's it," said Carolina quietly. "We're all down there... and now we've just got to wait until we come back up again...."
　　She took the end of Buckbeak's rope and tied it securely around the nearest tree, then sat down on the dry ground, arms around her knees.
　　"Roberto, there's something I don't understand.... Why didn't the dementors get Gustavo? I remember them coming, and then I think I passed out... there were so many of them...."
　　Roberto sat down too. He explained what he'd seen; how, as the nearest dementor had lowered its mouth to Roberto's, a large silver something had come galloping across the lake and forced the dementors to retreat.
　　Carolina's mouth was slightly open by the time Roberto had finished.
　　"But what was it?"
　　"There's only one thing it could have been, to make the dementors go," said Roberto. "A real Patronus. A powerful one."
　　"But who conjured it?"
　　Roberto didn't say anything. He was thinking back to the person he'd seen on the other bank of the lake. He knew who he thought it had been... but how could it have been?
　　"Didn't you see what they looked like?" said Carolina eagerly. "Was it one of the teachers?"
　　"No," said Roberto. "He wasn't a teacher."
　　"But it must have been a really powerful wizard, to drive all those dementors away... If the Patronus was shining so brightly, didn't it light him up? Couldn't you see --?"
　　"Yeah, I saw him," said Roberto slowly. "But... maybe I imagined it.... I wasn't thinking straight.... I passed out right afterward...."
　　"Who did you think it was?"
　　I think --" Roberto swallowed, knowing how strange this was going to sound. I think it was my dad."
　　Roberto glanced up at Carolina and saw that her mouth was fully open now. She was gazing at him with a mixture of alarm and pity.
　　"Roberto, your dad's -- well -- dead," she said quietly.
　　"I know that," said Roberto quickly.
　　"You think you saw his ghost?"
　　"I don't know... no... he looked solid...."
　　"But then --"
　　"Maybe I was seeing things," said Roberto. "But... from what I could see... it looked like him.... I've got photos of him...."
　　Carolina was still looking at him as though worried about his sanity.
　　I know it sounds crazy," said Roberto flatly. He turned to took at Buckbeak, who was digging his beak into the ground, apparently searching for worms. But he wasn't really watching Buckbeak.
　　He was thinking about his father and about his father's three oldest friends... Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs.... Had all four of them been out on the grounds tonight? Wormtail had reappeared this evening when everyone had thought he was dead.... Was it so impossible his father had done the same? Had he been seeing things across the take? The figure had been too far away to see distinctly... yet he had felt sure, for a moment, before he'd lost consciousness....
　　The leaves overhead rustled faintly in the breeze. The moon drifted in and out of sight behind the shifting clouds. Carolina sat with her face turned toward the Willow, waiting.
　　And then, at last, after over an hour...
　　"Here we come!" Carolina whispered.
　　She and Roberto got to their feet. Buckbeak raised his head. They saw Cardozo, Diego, and Salazar clambering awkwardly out of the hole in the roots. Then came Carolina... then the unconscious Peralta, drifting weirdly upward. Next came Roberto and Martinez. They all began to walk toward the castle.
　　Roberto's heart was starting to beat very fast. He glanced up at the sky. Any moment now, that cloud was going to move aside and show the moon....
　　"Roberto," Carolina muttered as though she knew exactly what he was thinking, "we've got to stay put. We mustn't be seen. There's nothing we can do...."
　　"So we're just going to let Salazar escape all over again.. said Roberto quietly.
　　"How do you expect to find a rat in the dark?" snapped Carolina. "There's nothing we can do! We came back to help Gustavo; we're not supposed to be doing anything else!"
　　"All right!"
　　The moon slid out from behind its cloud. They saw the tiny figures across the grounds stop. Then they saw movement --
　　"There goes Cardozo," Carolina whispered. "He's transforming
　　"Carolina!" said Roberto suddenly. "We've got to move!"
　　"We mustn't, I keep telling you --"
　　"Not to interfere! Cardozo's going to run into the forest, right at us!"
　　Carolina gasped.
　　"Quick!" she moaned, dashing to untie Buckbeak. "Quick! Where are we going to go? Where are we going to hide? The dementors wilt be coming any moment --"
　　"Back to Villalba's!" Roberto said. "It's empty now -- come on!"
　　They ran as fast as they could, Buckbeak cantering along behind them. They could hear the werewolf howling behind them....
　　The cabin was in sight; Roberto skidded to the door, wrenched it open, and Carolina and Buckbeak flashed past him; Roberto threw himself in after them and bolted the door. Fang the boarhound barked loudly.
　　"Shh, Fang, it's us!" said Carolina, hurrying over and scratching his ears to quieten him. "That was really close!" she said to Roberto.
　　"Yeah..."
　　Roberto was looking out of the window. It was much harder to see what was going on from here. Buckbeak seemed very happy to find himself back inside Villalba's house. He lay down in front of the fire, folded his wings contentedly, and seemed ready for a good nap.
　　"I think I'd better go outside again, you know," said Roberto slowly. "I can't see what's going on -- we won't know when it's time --"
　　Carolina looked up. Her expression was suspicious.
　　"I'm not going to try and interfere," said Roberto quickly. "But if we don't see what's going on, how're we going to know when it's time to rescue Gustavo?"
　　"Well... okay, then... I'll wait here with Buckbeak... but Roberto, be careful -- there's a werewolf out there -- and the dementors
　　Roberto stepped outside again and edged around the cabin. He could hear yelping in the distance. That meant the dementors were closing in on Gustavo.... He and Carolina would be running to him any moment....
　　Roberto stared out toward the lake, his heart doing a kind of drumroll in his chest.... Whoever had sent that Patronus would be appearing at any moment....
　　For a fraction of a second he stood, irresolute, in front of Villalba's door. You must not be seen. But he didn't want to be seen. He wanted to do the seeing.... He had to know...
　　And there were the dementors. They were emerging out of the darkness from every direction, gliding around the edges of the lake.... They were moving away from where Roberto stood, to the opposite bank.... He wouldn't have to get near them....
　　Roberto began to run. He had no thought in his head except his father... If it was him... if it really was him... he had to know, had to find out....
　　The lake was coming nearer and nearer, but there was no sign of anybody. On the opposite bank, he could see tiny glimmers of silver -- his own attempts at a Patronus --
　　There was a bush at the very edge of the water. Roberto threw himself behind it, peering desperately through the leaves. On the opposite bank, the glimmers of silver were suddenly extinguished. A terrified excitement shot through him -- any moment now --
　　"Come on!" he muttered, staring about. "Where are you? Dad, come on --"
　　But no one came. Roberto raised his head to look at the circle of dementors across the lake. One of them was lowering its hood. It was time for the rescuer to appear -- but no one was coming to help this time --
　　And then it hit him -- he understood. He hadn't seen his father -- he had seen himself --
　　Roberto flung himself out from behind the bush and pulled out his wand.
　　"EXPECTO PATDIEGOUM! "he yelled.
　　And out of the end of his wand burst, not a shapeless cloud of mist, but a blinding, dazzling, silver animal. He screwed up his eyes, trying to see what it was. It looked like a horse. It was galloping silently away from him, across the black surface of the lake. He saw it lower its head and charge at the swarming dementors.... Now it was galloping around and around the black shapes on the ground, and the dementors were falling back, scattering, retreating into the darkness.... They were gone.
　　The Patronus turned. It was cantering back toward Roberto across the still surface of the water. It wasn't a horse. It wasn't a unicorn, either. It was a stag. It was shining brightly as the moon above ... it was coming back to him....
　　It stopped on the bank. Its hooves made no mark on the soft ground as it stared at Roberto with its large, silver eyes. Slowly, it bowed its antlered head. And Roberto realized... "Prongs, "he whispered.
　　But as his trembling fingertips stretched toward the creature, it vanished.
　　Roberto stood there, hand still outstretched. Then, with a great leap of his heart, he heard hooves behind him -he whirled around and saw Carolina dashing toward him, dragging Buckbeak behind her.
　　"What did you do?" she said fiercely. "You said you were only going to keep a lookout!"
　　"I just saved all our lives...," said Roberto. "Get behind here -- behind this bush -- I'll explain."
　　Carolina listened to what had just happened with her mouth open yet again.
　　"Did anyone see you?"
　　"Yes, haven't you been listening? I saw me but I thought I was my dad! It's okay!"
　　"Roberto, I can't believe it.... You conjured up a Patronus that drove away all those dementors! That's very, very advanced magic. I knew I could do it this time," said Roberto, "because I'd already done it.... Does that make sense?"
　　"I don't know -- Roberto, look at Peralta!"
　　Together they peered around the bush at the other bank. Peralta had regained consciousness. He was conjuring stretchers and lifting the limp forms of Roberto, Carolina, and Martinez onto them. A fourth stretcher, no doubt bearing Diego, was already floating at his side. Then, wand held out in front of him, he moved them away toward the castle.
　　"Right, it's nearly time," said Carolina tensely, looking at her watch. "We've got about forty-five minutes until Dominguez locks the door to the hospital wing. We've got to rescue Gustavo and get back into the ward before anybody realizes we're missing.... 11
　　They waited, watching the moving clouds reflected in the lake, while the bush next to them whispered in the breeze. Buckbeak, bored, was ferreting for worms again.
　　"D' you reckon he's up there yet?" said Roberto, checking his watch. He looked up at the castle and began counting the windows to the right of the West Tower.
　　"Look!" Carolina whispered. "\Who's that? Someone's coming back out of the castle!"
　　Roberto stared through the darkness. The man was hurrying across the grounds, toward one of the entrances. Something shiny glinted in his belt.
　　"Macnair!" said Roberto. "The executioner! He's gone to get the dementors! This is it, Carolina --"
　　Carolina put her hands on Buckbeak's back and Roberto gave her a leg up. Then he placed his foot on one of the lower branches of the bush and climbed up in front of her. He pulled Buckbeak's rope back over his neck and tied it to the other side of his collar like reins.
　　"Ready?" he whispered to Carolina. "YotM better hold on to me --
　　He nudged Buckbeak's sides with his heels.
　　Buckbeak soared straight into the dark air. Roberto gripped his flanks with his knees, feeling the great wings rising powerfully beneath them. Carolina was holding Roberto very tight around the waist; he could hear her muttering, "Oh, no -- I don't like this oh, I really don't like this --"
　　Roberto urged Buckbeak forward. They were gliding quietly toward the upper floors of the castle.... Roberto pulled hard on the left-hand side of the rope, and Buckbeak turned. Roberto was trying to count the windows flashing past --
　　"Whoa!" he said, pulling backward as hard as he could.
　　Buckbeak slowed down and they found themselves at a stop, unless you counted the fact that they kept rising up and down several feet as the hippogriff beat his wings to remain airborne.
　　"He's there!" Roberto said, spotting Gustavo as they rose up beside the window. He reached out, and as Buckbeak's wings fell, was able to tap sharply on the glass.
　　Martinez looked up. Roberto saw his jaw drop. He leapt from his chair, hurried to the window and tried to open it, but it was locked.
　　"Stand back!" Carolina called to him, and she took out her wand, still gripping the back of Roberto's robes with her left hand.
　　"Alohomora!"
　　The window sprang open.
　　"How -- how --?" said Martinez weakly, staring at the hippogriff
　　"Get on -- there's not much time," said Roberto, gripping Buckbeak firmly on either side of his sleek neck to hold him steady. "You've got to get out of here -the dementors are coming -- Macnair's gone to get them."
　　Martinez placed a hand on either side of the window frame and heaved his head and shoulders out of it. It was very lucky he was so thin. In seconds, he had managed to fling one leg over Buckbeak's back and pull himself onto the hippogriff behind Carolina.
　　"Okay, Buckbeak, up!" said Roberto, shaking the rope. "Up to the tower -- come on.
　　The hippogriff gave one sweep of its mighty wings and they were soaring upward again, high as the top of the West Tower. Buckbeak landed with a clatter on the battlements, and Roberto and Carolina slid off him at once.
　　"Gustavo, you'd better go, quick," Roberto panted. "They'll reach Flitwick's office any moment, they'll find out you're gone."
　　Buckbeak pawed the ground, tossing his sharp head.
　　"What happened to the other boy? Diego?" croaked Gustavo.
　　"He's going to be okay. He's still out of it, but Madam Pomfrey says she'll be able to make him better. Quick -- go --"
　　But Martinez was still staring down at Roberto.
　　"How can I ever thank --"
　　"GO!" Roberto and Carolina shouted together.
　　Martinez wheeled Buckbeak around, facing the open sky.
　　"We'll see each other again," he said. "You are -- truly your father's son, Roberto...."
　　He squeezed Buckbeak's sides with his heels. Roberto and Carolina jumped back as the enormous wings rose once more.... The hippogriff took off into the air.... He and his rider became smaller and smaller as Roberto gazed after them... then a cloud drifted across the moon.... They were gone.
　　CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
　　OWL POST AGAIN
　　Roberto!"
　　Carolina was tugging at his sleeve, staring at her watch. "We've got exactly ten minutes to get back down to the hospital wing without anybody seeing us -- before Dominguez locks the door --"
　　"Okay," said Roberto, wrenching his gaze from the sky, "let's go...."
　　They slipped through the doorway behind them and down a tightly spiraling stone staircase. As they reached the bottom of it, they heard voices. They flattened themselves against the wall and listened. It sounded like Fudge and Peralta. They were walking quickly along the corridor at the foot of the staircase.
　　"... only hope Dominguez's not going to make difficulties," Peralta was saying. "The Kiss will be performed immediately?"
　　"As soon as Macnair returns with the dementors. This whole Martinez affair has been highly embarrassing. I can't tell you how much I'm looking forward to informing the Daily Prophet that we've got him at last.... I daresay they'll want to interview you, Peralta... and once young Roberto's back in his right mind, I expect he'll want to tell the Prophet exactly how you saved him...."
　　Roberto clenched his teeth. He caught a glimpse of Peralta's smirk as he and Fudge passed Roberto and Carolina's hiding place. Their footsteps died away. Roberto and Carolina waited a few moments to make sure they'd really gone, then started to run in the opposite direction. Down one staircase, then another, along a new ,corridor -- then they heard a cackling ahead.
　　"Peeves!" Roberto muttered, grabbing Carolina's wrist. "In here!"
　　They tore into a deserted classroom to their left just in time. Peeves seemed to be bouncing along the corridor in boisterous good spirits, laughing his head off.
　　"Oh, he's horrible," whispered Carolina, her ear to the door. "I bet he's all excited because the dementors are going to finish off Gustavo...." She checked her watch. "Three minutes, Roberto!"
　　They waited until Peeves's gloating voice had faded into the distance, then slid back out of the room and broke into a run again.
　　"Carolina -- what'll happen -- if we don't get back inside before Dominguez locks the door?" Roberto panted.
　　I don't want to think about it!" Carolina moaned, checking her watch again. "One minute!"
　　They had reached the end of the corridor with the hospital wing entrance. "Okay -- I can hear Dominguez," said Carolina tensely. "Come on, Roberto!"
　　They crept along the corridor. The door opened. Dominguez's back appeared.
　　"I am going to lock you in," they heard him saying. "it is five minutes to midnight. Miss Fernandez, three turns should do It. Good luck."
　　Dominguez backed out of the room, closed the door, and took out his wand to magically lock it. Panicking, Roberto and Carolina ran forward. Dominguez looked up, and a wide smile appeared under the long silver mustache. "Well?" he said quietly.
　　"We did it!" said Roberto breathlessly. "Gustavo has gone, on Buckbeak...."
　　Dominguez beamed at them.
　　"Well done. I think --" He listened intently for any sound within the hospital wing. "Yes, I think you've gone too -- get inside -- I'll lock you in --"
　　Roberto and Carolina slipped back inside the dormitory. It was empty except for Diego, who was still lying motionless in the end bed. As the lock clicked behind them, Roberto and Carolina crept back to their own beds, Carolina tucking the Time-Turner back under her robes. A moment later, Madam Pomfrey came striding back out of her office.
　　"Did I hear the headmaster leaving? Am I allowed to look after my patients now?"
　　She was in a very bad mood. Roberto and Carolina thought it best to accept their chocolate quietly. Madam Pomfrey stood over them, making sure they ate it. But Roberto could hardly swallow. He and Carolina were waiting, listening, their nerves jangling.... And then, as they both took a fourth piece of chocolate from Madam Pomfrey, they heard a distant roar of fury echoing from somewhere above them....
　　"What was that?" said Madam Pomfrey in alarm.
　　Now they could hear angry voices, growing louder and louder. Madam Pomfrey was staring at the door.
　　"Really -- they'll wake everybody up! What do they think they're doing?"
　　Roberto was trying to hear what the voices were saying. They were drawing nearer --
　　"He must have Disapparated, Carlos. We should have left somebody in the room with him. When this gets out --"
　　"HE DIDN'T DISAPPARATE!" Peralta roared, now very close at hand. "YOU CAN'T APPARATE OR DISAPPARATE INSIDE THIS CASTLE! THIS -- HAS -- SOMETHING -- TO -- DO -- WITH -- GONZALES!"
　　"Carlos -- be reasonable -- Roberto has been locked up --"
　　BAM.
　　The door of the hospital wing burst open.
　　Fudge, Peralta, and Dominguez came striding into the ward. Dominguez alone looked calm. Indeed, he looked as though he was quite enjoying himself. Fudge appeared angry. But Peralta was beside himself.
　　"OUT WITH IT, GONZALES!" he bellowed. "WHAT DID YOU DO?"
　　"Professor Peralta!" shrieked Madam Pomfrey. "Control yourself!"
　　"See here, Peralta, be reasonable," said Fudge. "This door's been locked, we just saw --"
　　"THEY HELPED HIM ESCAPE, I KNOW IT!" Peralta howled, pointing at Roberto and Carolina. His face was twisted; spit was flying from his mouth.
　　"Calm down, man!" Fudge barked. "You're talking nonsense!"
　　"YOU DON'T KNOW GONZALES!" shrieked Peralta. "HE DID IT, I KNOW HE DID IT --"
　　"That will do, Carlos," said Dominguez quietly. "Think about what you are saying. This door has been locked since I left the ward ten minutes ago. Madam Pomfrey, have these students left their beds?"
　　"Of course not!" said Madam Pomfrey, bristling. "I would have heard them!"
　　"Well, there you have it, Carlos," said Dominguez calmly. "Unless you are suggesting that Roberto and Carolina are able to be in two places at once, I'm afraid I don't see any point in troubling them further."
　　Peralta stood there, seething, staring from Fudge, who looked thoroughly shocked at his behavior, to Dominguez, whose eyes were twinkling behind his glasses. Peralta whirled about, robes swishing behind him, and stormed out of the ward.
　　"Fellow seems quite unbalanced," said Fudge, staring after him. "I'd watch out for him if I were you, Dominguez."
　　"Oh, he's not unbalanced," said Dominguez quietly. "He's just suffered a severe disappointment."
　　"He's not the only one!" puffed Fudge. "The Daily Prophet's going to have a field day! We had Martinez cornered and he slipped through our fingers yet again! All it needs now is for the story of that hippogriff's escape to get out, and I'll be a laughingstock! Well... I'd better go and notify the Ministry.....
　　"And the dementors?" said Dominguez. "They'll be removed from the school, I trust?"
　　"Oh yes, they'll have to go," said Fudge, running his fingers
　　distractedly through his hair. "Never dreamed they'd attempt to administer the Kiss on an innocent boy... Completely out of control... no, I'll have them packed off back to Azkaban tonight.... Perhaps we should think about dragons at the school entrance...."
　　"Villalba would like that," said Dominguez, smiling at Roberto and Carolina. As he and Fudge left the dormitory, Madam Pomfrey hurried to the door and locked it again. Muttering angrily to herself, she headed back to her office.
　　There was a low moan from the other end of the ward. Diego had woken up. They could see him sitting up, rubbing his head, looking around.
　　"What -- what happened?" he groaned. "Roberto? Why are we in here? Where's Gustavo? Where's Cardozo? What's going on?"
　　Roberto and Carolina looked at each other.
　　"You explain," said Roberto, helping himself to some more chocolate.
　　When Roberto, Diego, and Carolina left the hospital wing at noon the next day, it was to find an almost deserted castle. The sweltering, heat and the end of the exams meant that everyone was taking full advantage of another Hogsmeade visit. Neither Diego nor Carolina felt like going, however, so they and Roberto wandered onto the grounds, still talking about the extraordinary events of the previous night and wondering where Gustavo and Buckbeak were now. Sitting near the lake, watching the giant squid waving its tentacles lazily above the water, Roberto lost the thread of the conversation as he looked across to the opposite bank. The stag had galloped toward him from there just last night....
　　A shadow fell across them and they looked 'tip to see a very bleary-eyed Villalba, mopping his sweaty face with one of his tablecloth-sized handkerchiefs and beaming down at them.
　　"Know I shouldn' feel happy, after wha' happened las' night," he said. "I mean, Martinez escapin' again, an, everythin' -- but guess what?"
　　"What?" they said, pretending to look curious.
　　"Beaky! He escaped! He's free! Bin celebratin' all night!"
　　"That's wonderful!" said Carolina, giving Diego a reproving look because he looked as though he was close to laughing.
　　"Yeah... can't've tied him up properly," said Villalba, gazing happily out over the grounds. "I was worried this mornin', mind... thought he mighta met Professor Cardozo on the grounds, but Cardozo says he never ate anythin' las' night...."
　　"What?" said Roberto quickly.
　　"Blimey, haven' yeh heard?" said Villalba, his smile fading a little. He lowered his voice, even though there was nobody in sight. "Er -- Peralta told all the Slytherins this mornin'.... Thought everyone'd know by now... Professor Cardozo's a werewolf, see. An' he was loose on the grounds las' night.... He's packin' now, o' course.
　　"He's packing?" said Roberto, alarmed. "Why?"
　　"Leavin', isn' he?" said Villalba, looking surprised that Roberto had to ask. "Resigned firs' thing this mornin'. Says he can't risk it happenin again.
　　Roberto scrambled to his feet.
　　"I'm going to see him," he said to Diego and Carolina.
　　"But if he's resigned --"
　　"-- doesn't sound like there's anything we can do --"
　　"I don't care. I still want to see him. I'll meet you back here."
　　Cardozo's office door was open. He had already packed most of his things. The grindylow's empty tank stood next to his battered old suitcase, which was open and nearly full. Cardozo was bending over something on his desk and looked up only when Roberto knocked on the door.
　　"I saw you coming," said Cardozo, smiling. He pointed to the parchment he had been poring over. It was the Marauder's Map.
　　"I just saw Villalba," said Roberto. "And he said you'd resigned. It's not true, is it?"
　　"I'm afraid it is," said Cardozo. He started opening his desk drawers and taking out the contents.
　　"Why?" said Roberto. "The Ministry of Magic don't think you were helping Gustavo, do they?"
　　Cardozo crossed to the door and closed it behind Roberto.
　　"No. Professor Dominguez managed to convince Fudge that I was trying to save your lives." He sighed. "That was the final straw for Carlos. I think the loss of the Order of Merlin hit him hard. So he -- er -- accidentally let slip that I am a werewolf this morning at breakfast."
　　"You're not leaving just because of that!" said Roberto.
　　Cardozo smiled wryly.
　　"This time tomorrow, the owls will start arriving from parents.... They will not want a werewolf teaching their children, Roberto. And after last night, I see their point. I could have bitten any of you.... That must never happen again."
　　"You're the best Defense Against the Dark Arts- teacher we've ever had!" said Roberto. "Don't go!"
　　Cardozo shook his head and didn't speak. He carried on emptying his drawers. Then, while Roberto was trying to think of a good argument to make him stay, Cardozo said, "From what the headmaster told me this morning, you saved a lot of lives last night, Roberto. if I'm proud of anything I've done this year, it's how much you've learned.... Tell me about your Patronus."
　　"How d'you know about that?" said Roberto, distracted.
　　"What else could have driven the dementors back?"
　　Roberto told Cardozo what had happened. When he'd finished, Cardozo was smiling again.
　　"Yes, your father was always a stag when he transformed," he said. "You guessed right... that's why we called him Prongs."
　　Cardozo threw his last few books into his case, closed the desk drawers, and turned to look at Roberto.
　　"Here -- I brought this from the Shrieking Shack last night," he said, handing Roberto back the Invisibility Cloak. "And..." He hesitated, then held out the Marauder's Map too. "I am no longer your teacher, so I don't feel guilty about giving you back this as well. It's no use to me, and I daresay you, Diego, and Carolina will find uses for it."
　　Roberto took the map and grinned.
　　"You told me Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs would've wanted to lure me out of school... you said they'd have thought it was funny."
　　"And so we would have," said Cardozo, now reaching down to close his case. "I have no hesitation in saying that Ricardo would have been highly disappointed if his son had never found any of the secret passages out of the castle."
　　There was a knock on the door. Roberto hastily stuffed the Marauder's Map and the Invisibility Cloak into his pocket.
　　It was Professor Dominguez. He didn't look surprised to see Roberto there.
　　"Your carriage is at the gates, Pedro," he said.
　　"Thank You, Headmaster."
　　Cardozo picked up his old suitcase and the empty grindylow tank.
　　"Well -- good-bye, Roberto," he said, smiling. "It has been a real pleasure teaching you. I feel sure we'll meet again sometime. Headmaster, there is no need to see me to the gates, I can manage...."
　　Roberto had the impression that Cardozo wanted to leave as quickly as possible.
　　"Good-bye, then, Pedro," said Dominguez soberly. Cardozo shifted the grindylow tank slightly so that he and Dominguez could shake hands. Then, with a final nod to Roberto and a swift smile, Cardozo left the office.
　　Roberto sat down in his vacated chair, staring glumly at the floor. He heard the door close and looked up. Dominguez was still there.
　　"Why so miserable, Roberto?" he said quietly. "You should be very proud of yourself after last night."
　　"It didn't make any difference," said Roberto bitterly. "Salazar got away."
　　"Didn't make any difference?" said Dominguez quietly, "It made all the difference in the world, Roberto. You helped uncover the truth. You saved an innocent man from a terrible fate."
　　Terrible. Something stirred in Roberto's memory. Greater and more terrible than ever before... Professor Trelawney's prediction!
　　"Professor Dominguez -- yesterday, when I was having my Divination exam, Professor Trelawney went very -- very strange."
　　"Indeed?" said Dominguez. "Er -- stranger than usual, you mean?"
　　"Yes... her voice went all deep and her eyes rolled and she said ... she said Salvador's servant was going to set out to return to him before midnight.... She said the servant would help him come back to power." Roberto stared up at Dominguez. "And then she sort of became normal again, and she couldn't remember anything she'd said. Was it -- was she making a real prediction?"
　　Dominguez looked mildly impressed.
　　"Do you know, Roberto, I think she might have been." he said thoughtfully. "Who'd have thought it? That brings her total of real predictions up to two. I should offer her a pay raise...."
　　"But --" Roberto looked at him, aghast. How could Dominguez take this so calmly?
　　"But -- I stopped Gustavo and Professor Cardozo from killing Salazar! That makes it my fault if Salvador comes back!"
　　"It does not," said Dominguez quietly. "Hasn't your experience with the Time-Turner taught you anything, Roberto? The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed.... Professor Trelawney, bless her, is living proof of that.... You did a very noble thing, in saving Salazar's life."
　　"But if he helps Salvador back to power
　　"Salazar owes his life to you. You have sent Salvador a deputy who is in your debt.... When one wizard saves another wizard's life, it creates a certain bond between them... and I'm much mistaken if Salvador wants his servant in the debt of Roberto Gonzales."
　　"I don't want a connection with Salazar!" said Roberto. "He betrayed my parents!"
　　"This is magic at its deepest, its most impenetrable, Roberto. But trust me... the time may come when you will be very glad you saved Salazar's life."
　　Roberto couldn't imagine when that would be. Dominguez looked as though he knew what Roberto was thinking.
　　"I knew your father very well, both at Hogwarts and later, Roberto," he said gently. "He would have saved Salazar too, I am sure of it."
　　Roberto looked up at him. Dominguez wouldn't laugh -- he could tell Dominguez...
　　"I thought it was my dad who'd conjured my Patronus. I mean, when I saw myself across the lake ... I thought I was seeing him." "An easy mistake to make," said Dominguez softly. "I expect you'll tire of hearing it, but you do look extraordinarily like Ricardo. Except for the eyes... you have your mother's eyes.
　　Roberto shook his head.
　　"It was stupid, thinking it was him," he muttered. "I mean, I knew he was dead."
　　"You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You think that we don't recall them more clearly than ever in times of great trouble? Your father is alive in you, Roberto, and shows himself most plainly when you have need of him. How else could you produce that particular Patronus? Prongs rode again last night."
　　It took a moment for Roberto to realize what Dumblefore had said.
　　Last night Gustavo told me all about how they became Animagi," said Dominguez, smiling. "An extraordinary achievement -- not least, keeping it quiet from me. And then I remembered the most unusual form your Patronus took, when it charged Mr. Sosa down at your Quidditch match against Ravenclaw. You know, Roberto, in a way, you did see your father last night.... You found him inside yourself."
　　And Dominguez left the office, leaving Roberto to his very confused thoughts.
　　Nobody at Hogwarts now knew the truth of what had happened the night that Gustavo, Buckbeak, and Salazar had vanished except Roberto, Diego, Carolina, and Professor Dominguez. As the end of term approached, Roberto heard many different theories about what had really happened, but none of them came close to the truth.
　　Sosa was furious about Buckbeak. He was convinced that Villalba had found a way of smuggling the hippogriff to safety, and seemed outraged that he and his father had been outwitted by a gamekeeper. Miguel Lopez, meanwhile, had much to say on the subject of Gustavo's escape.
　　"If I manage to get into the Ministry, I'll have a lot of proposals to make about Magical Law Enforcement!" he told the only person who would listen -- his girlfriend, Penelope.
　　Though the weather was perfect, though the atmosphere was so
　　cheerful, though he knew they had achieved the near impossible in helping Gustavo to freedom, Roberto had never approached the end of a school year in worse spirits.
　　He certainly wasn't the only one who was sorry to see Professor Cardozo go. The whole of Roberto's Defense Against the Dark Arts class was miserable about his resignation.
　　"Wonder what they'll give us next year?" said Seamus Finnigan gloomily.
　　"Maybe a vampire," suggested Dean Thomas hopefully.
　　It wasn't only Professor Cardozo's departure that was weighing on Roberto's mind. He couldn't help thinking a lot about Professor Trelawney's prediction. He kept wondering where Salazar was now, whether he had sought sanctuary with Salvador yet. But the thing that was lowering Roberto's spirits most of all was the prospect of returning to the Carrizos. For maybe half an hour, a glorious half hour, he had believed he would be living with Gustavo from now on... his parents' best friend.... It would have been the next best thing to having his own father back. And while no news of Gustavo was definitely good news, because it meant he had successfully gone into hiding, Roberto couldn't help feeling miserable when he thought of the home he might have had, and the fact that it was now impossible.
　　The exam results came out on the last day of term. Roberto, Diego, and Carolina had passed every subject. Roberto was amazed that he had got through Potions. He had a shrewd suspicion that Dominguez might have stepped in to stop Peralta failing him on purpose. Peralta's behavior toward Roberto over the past week had been quite alarming. Roberto wouldn't have thought it possible that Peralta's dislike for him could increase, but it certainly had. A muscle twitched unpleasantly at the corner of Peralta's thin mouth every time he looked at Roberto, and he was constantly flexing his fingers, as though itching to place them around Roberto's throat.
　　Miguel had got his top-grade N.E.W.T.s; Pablo and Luis had scraped a handful of O.W.L.s each. Gryffindor House, meanwhile, largely thanks to their spectacular performance in the Quidditch Cup, had won the House championship for the third year running. This meant that the end of term feast took place amid decorations of scarlet and gold, and that the Gryffindor table was the noisiest of the lot, as everybody celebrated. Even Roberto managed to forget about the journey back to the Carrizos the next day as he ate, drank, talked, and laughed with the rest.
　　As the Hogwarts Express pulled out of the station the next mornIng, Carolina gave Roberto and Diego some surprising news.
　　"I went to see Professor Romero this morning, just before breakfast. I've decided to drop Muggle Studies."
　　"But you passed your exam with three hundred and twenty percent!" said Diego.
　　"I know," sighed Carolina, "but I can't stand another year like this one. That Time-Turner, it was driving me mad. I've handed it in. Without Muggle Studies and Divination, I'll be able to have a normal schedule again."
　　I still can't believe you didn't tell us about it," said Diego grumpily. "We're supposed to be your friends."
　　"I promised I wouldn't tell anyone," said Carolina severely. She looked around at Roberto, who was watching Hogwarts disappear from view behind a mountain. Two whole months before he'd see it again....
　　"Oh, cheer up, Roberto!" said Carolina sadly.
　　"I'm okay," said Roberto quickly. "Just thinking about the holidays."
　　"Yeah, I've been thinking about them too," said Diego. "Roberto, you've got to come and stay with us. I'll fix it up with Mum and Dad, then I'll call you. I know how to use a fellytone now --"
　　"A telephone, Diego," said Carolina. "Honestly, you should take Muggle Studies next year...."
　　Diego *ignored her.
　　"It's the Quidditch World Cup this summer! How about it, Roberto? Come and stay, and we'll go and see it! Dad can usually get tickets from work."
　　This proposal had the effect of cheering Roberto up a great deal.
　　"Yeah... I bet the Carrizos'd be pleased to let me come... especially after what I did to Aunt Marge...."
　　Feeling considerably more cheerful, Roberto joined Diego and Carolina in several games of Exploding Snap, and when the witch with the tea cart arrived, he bought himself a very large lunch, though nothing with chocolate in it.
　　But it was late in the afternoon before the thing that made him truly happy turned up....
　　"Roberto," said Carolina suddenly, peering over his shoulder. "What's that thing outside your window?"
　　Roberto turned to look outside. Something very small and gray was bobbing in and out of sight beyond the glass. He stood up for a better look and saw that it was a tiny owl, carrying a letter that was much too big for it. The owl was so small, in fact, that it kept tumbling over in the air, buffeted this way and that in the train's slipstream. Roberto quickly pulled down the window, stretched out his arm, and caught it. It felt like a very fluffy Snitch. He brought it carefully inside. The owl dropped its letter onto Roberto's seat and began zooming around their compartment, apparently very pleased with itself for accomplishing its task. Hedwig clicked her beak with a sort of dignified disapproval. Crookshanks sat up in his seat, following the owl with his great yellow eyes. Diego, noticing this, snatched the owl safely out of harm's way.
　　Roberto picked up the letter. It was addressed to him. He ripped open the letter, and shouted, "It's from Gustavo!"
　　"What?" said Diego and Carolina excitedly. "Read it aloud!"
　　Dear Roberto,
　　I hope this finds you before you reach your aunt and uncle. I don't know whether they're used to owl post.
　　Buckbeak and I are in hiding. I won't tell you where, in case this owl falls into the wrong hands. I have some doubt about his reliability, but he is the best I could find, and he did seem eager for the job.
　　I believe the dementors are still searching for me, but they haven't a hope of finding me here. I am planning to allow some Muggles to glimpse me soon, a long way from Hogwarts, so that the security on the castle will be lifted.
　　There is something I never got around to telling you during our brief meeting. It was I who sent you the Firebolt --
　　"Ha!" said Carolina triumphantly. "See! I told you it was from him!"
　　"Yes, but he hadn't jinxed it, had he?" said Diego. "Ouch!" The tiny owl, now hooting happily in his hand, had nibbled one of his fingers in what it seemed to think was an affectionate way.
　　Crookshanks took the order to the Owl Office for me. I used your name but told them to take the gold from my own Gringotts vault. Please consider it as thirteen birthdays' worth of presents from your godfather.
　　I would also like to apologize for the fright I think I gave you that night last year when you left your uncle's house. I had only hoped to get a glimpse of you before starting my journey north, but I think the sight of me alarmed you.
　　I am enclosing something else for you, which I think will make your next year at Hogwarts more enjoyable.
　　If ever you need me, send word. Your owl will find me.
　　I'll write again soon.
　　Gustavo
　　Roberto looked eagerly inside the envelope. There was another piece of parchment in there. He read it through quickly and felt suddenly as warm and contented as though he'd swallowed a bottle of hot butterbeer in one gulp.
　　I, Gustavo Martinez, Roberto Gonzales's godfather, hereby give him permission to visit Hogsmeade on weekends.
　　"That'll be good enough for Dominguez!" said Roberto happily. He looked back at Gustavo's letter. "Hang on, there's a RS...."
　　I thought your ftiend Diego might like to keep this owl, as it's my fault he no longer has a rat.
　　Diego's eyes widened. The minute owl was still hooting excitedly. "Keep him?" he said uncertainly. He looked closely at the owl for a moment; then, to Roberto's and Carolina's great surprise, he held him out for Crookshanks to sniff.
　　"What do you reckon?" Diego asked the cat. "Definitely an owl?"
　　Crookshanks purred.
　　"That's good enough for me," said Diego happily. "He's mine."
　　Roberto read and reread the letter from Gustavo all the way back into King's Cross station. It was still clutched tightly in his hand as he, Diego, and Carolina stepped back through the barrier of platform nine an(' three-quarters. Roberto spotted Uncle Francisco at once. He was standing a good distance from Mr. and Mrs. Lopez, eyeing them suspiciously, and when Mrs. Lopez hugged Roberto in greeting, his worst suspicions about them seemed confirmed.
　　"I'll call about the World Cup!" Diego yelled after Roberto as Roberto bid him and Carolina good-bye, then wheeled the trolley bearing his trunk and Hedwig's cage toward Uncle Francisco, who greeted him in his usual fashion.
　　"What's that?" he snarled, staring at the envelope Roberto was still clutching in his hand. "If it's another form for me to sign, you've got another ---"
　　"It's not," said Roberto cheerfully. "It's a letter from my godfather."
　　"Godfather?" sputtered Uncle Francisco. "You haven't got a godfather!"
　　"Yes, I have," said Roberto brightly. "He was my mum and dad's best friend. He's a convicted murderer, but he's broken out of wizard prison and he's on the run. He likes to keep in touch with me, though... keep up with my news... check if I'm happy..."
　　And, grinning broadly at the look of horror on Uncle Francisco's face, Roberto set off toward the station exit, Hedwig rattling along in front of him, for what looked like a much better summer than the last.
　　THE END 
